Name: Tarina Ohl Drila
Origin Inspired by: Dungeons and Dragons
Age: 25
Species/Race: foxkin
Body shape: Humanoid fox, large unremitting tail, long hair, big pointy ears, medium breast size.
Sex and pronouns: female (she/her)
Sexuality: straight
Height: 5' 2"

Titles: Tarina Bright Eye

Physical description: orange fur covering her body, white fur on her belly and breasts, green emerald eyes, brunette hair, her paws and ankle fur in black.

Overall attractiveness: Exetremely strongly beautiful.

How old do they appear: 22

Everyday clothing/Style: wrapes around her breasts and short pants with a quiver strapped to her back and leather braces on her left wrist to guard from the bow string.
Nightwear: Ussually nude but if in company she will wear her mothers robe from inside her pack.
Armour: None needed if setting does not need it.

Powers: Healing powers but it takes her hours to heal a wound.

Abilities: Extreme Accuracy, parkour, stealth.

Personality: Stoic to most but grows soft and playfull around those she cares about, she is instinctively curious but still very cautious, she doesn't trust easy, she is very protective of her loved one, only open to her loved ones.

Backstory: When Tarina was a baby her parents died, she doedn't even know how tgey died, either because no one know or if they did know they didn't tell her. While in the orphenage she learned how to shoot a bow, a bow gifted by her parents. After being in the orphanage for a few years at the age of 7 she ran away, she hated being restricted. After a year of stealing for food she met a owner of a pub, her name was Dinstra. Dinstra took Tarina in as a worker, Dinstra would feed Tarina and give her a bed in the attic, eventually even teaching her to fight. When Tarina was not learning to fight or cleaning tables for Dinstra, she would visit the local carpenter, the man named Noll was kind and would give her free lessons, after 5 years of working for Dinstra and learning how to fight from her, Tarina decided she wanted to become a carpenter and left to be Noll's aprentice.
Dinstra didn't mind this and continued on without Tarina. Unfortunately, Noll grow ill after a year and a half and the man who grow to be like a father to Tarina died. Tarina went to his funeral in tears, this chapter of her life would never leave her. Tarina had to leave carpentry for a little while and left to eventually end up in a ranger camp. Rangers would visit this place on there way to distent locations and while Tarina was there learning master tricks and skill to using a bow and how to survive in the wilderness. Then when she was 20 found a wanted poster for a man she believed she could find, once she did and brought him in earned more money she has ever held. From that point on she would pick up dangerous odd jobs like, bounties, protection, pathfinder, fighter, crew, etc.

Social class/Occupation: Poor, fighter, will to do whatever for the right price, believes in freedom and more rights.

Language Spoken and Native Language:

Morals and beliefs: Doesn't really care about politics, 

Education and Intelligence: she had a small education before she left the orphenage.

Way of speaking: Medival

Scent: Maple and bark

Likes: Stars, warm bread, milk, a bed, books, archery, money.

Loves: Rain, warming by the fire, the idea of parents, companionship, Noll.

Dislikes: The rich, bugs, cities, orphenages.

Hates: Tyrants, spiders, castles.

Fears/Phobias: Giant spiders

Addictions: When she starts drinking beer she has a hard time stopping before she passes out.

Comforts: Campfire/fireplace, being safe, swimming.

Habits: Being very quiet and scareing people by accedent, twitching her nose, flopping her ears when concintrated.

Hobbies: Carpentry, making many kinds of arrows and bows.

Skills: Archery, fletcher, carpentry, survivalist, combatent.

Flaws: Isn't great at making good life choices.

Love languages: Protection and being taken care of.

Goals: To survive.

Kinks/Sexual preferences: Cuddling, bondage.

Roleplay Behaviour Examples:
1. Tarina slithers through bushes, keeping a keen eye on her target. She notches a arrow and points it at the man, "Got you now squirt."
2. Walking quietly up to her client without him noticing she scares him, the man drops everything, "Sorry sir, it comes with the job."
3. After liting a fire in the pit she dug, Tarina throws a potatoe in and lays down next to the firepit. she closes her eyes and relaxes for a bit before hearing sound and waking up, "AH! Oh, just branch, Bloody its so hard to nap in this world."