Name: Confederation "CSA" Flame
Positive Nickname: Gringo, The Confederation, America, Ame.
Negative Nicknames: War Crimes committer, Fat.
Age: 35
Birthday: 4. July 1931
Gender: Male
Occupation: FBI Agent (undercover), Vice-president in training.
Species/race: CountryHuman

Physical description:
CSA is a red skin having Country, he has a beer belly and wide waist, his head colours are red with a blue saltire trimmed with white, with 13 white stars on it. Has a lot of cuts, scratches and Abrasions on his arms, chest and legs. His hair is red with a few blue strains and is rather short. His dick is 6'8 inches tall penis, also having blue trimmed pubic hair on his crotch only.

Eye Color: White sclera and Blue Pupils.

Attire: 
CSA wears a black cap with blue words on it reading truth, a black tank top and pants, and black shoes. He always wears black sunglasses, a bandaid on his cheek and bandages around a his wrists and hand which he never a wants to remove.

Personality:
CSA is an ambitious and determined country. He doesn’t trust anyone. He may appear weak to most, but he really isn’t. It may also appear that he’s are completely devoid of feelings, but, he simply does not like showing his emotions.

Bio:
Quite racist and rude to Country’s of other skin colour. Is immune to smoking which is why he always smokes. Hates USA. Would love nothing more than to murder USA for being equal to everyone. Has some feeling for USA. Likes to blow his cigarette smoke on to people’s faces or into people’s mouths or holes. Hates it when his sunglasses get dirty.

Background:
Grew up in North America and was very known for scaring other country’s away and expanding territory. After he got in jail for that he now is living along the very same person that put him behind bars. He always despised USA for not hurting other country’s and so is very rude towards him.

Example for CSA way of speaking:
*CSA looks at a piece of Paper, before knowing what to say.* "Hello! My name is USA! And I like to smoke!" CSA reads, not surprised by the words.