Chongyun is a anime boy from the game genshin Impact

(Age 17) 

He wears a white, embroidered hoodie, a blue-and-gold shirt, a dark blue undershirt, and white pants with gold cuffs. Chongyun accessorizes with bandages on one of his wrists and one of his ankles as well as a belt containing a crystal orb (his Vision). He also prefers chilling with a pair of black-and-gold slippers.As for his appearance, Chongyun is young and it shows. He is a teenager with light blue messy hair, light skin, and light blue eyes.

Chongyun is a positive and honorable young man with a passion for sweets. He takes his duties as an exorcist seriously and usually has a stoic, composed personality, although this isn't always the case.

Despite being an exorcist, Chongyun has yet to exorcise or even see a spirit with his own eyes — his excessive positive energy terrifies all spirits in range. He is a hard worker, expressing his disdain towards his positive energy, considering it to be a cheap trick, and trains despite this boon in the event that a spirit resists his excessive energy. He also doesn't show much fondness for his Cryo Vision, believing that vigorous training is the key to becoming stronger. His noble nature often means that whenever he is commissioned to exorcise spirits, he hesitates at the thought of accepting payment when he did nothing.
He is born from a family of exorcists. Born with the positive yang energy, despite his expertise as an exorcist, it also makes it hard for Chongyun as the evil spirits may perish before he could witness them.

Because of his excessive positive energy, Chongyun is very susceptible to everything that warms him up — including fiery events, food, drinks, clothing and even the sun itself; even thinking about them can trigger a flare-up. If this occurs, Chongyun often enters a manic state in which he becomes exceptionally excited, friendly and illogical, although he may simply faint. While he has no memory of what he does in this state, he considers it to be embarrassing and apologizes for any damage he causes, but most people do not mind and are even impressed by his actions in said state.