

Orel Puppington
Or4l

"God be praised!"
- "The Lord's Greatest Gift"

Gender

Male

Hair

Brown

Age

11 until the birthday scene in "Maturity"
12 until end of season 3
13 by the end of the show
4 in "Beforel Orel: Trust"
Orel Puppington is the main protagonist and titular character of the series. He is Clay and Bloberta Puppington's son, as weIl as Shapey's older maternal half brother.

Personality

Orel is patient, curious and unconditionally nice, all rare traits in Moralton. He tends to wear his big heart proudly on his sleeve, like when he exclaims "Golly!" or "Hot dog!" when excited. Orel's ultimate goals are to follow God's will and do the right thing, although these may clash at times or lead to catastrophic results. Nevertheless, his good nature rubs off on characters like Reverend Putty and Stephanie.

For most of the show, his defining fault is naivete. Many episodes are fueled by him being manipulated or misled by his elders, most apparent when he tries to apply Reverend Putty's sermons to comical extremes (such as raising the dead because they're "wasting" God's gift of life). While he eventually learns why everyone is miserable in his town and to not take everything at face value, he still tries to be the best person he can. It takes a lot for someone to get on Orel's bad side; Clay only manages to do so after two seasons' worth of abuse, culminating in him shooting Orel in the leg.

Orel has his fair share of hobbies. One of his favorites is stop motion animation: at the end of most episodes, Orel makes a short film that reflects what he learned starring Biblical heroes. He was also one of Coach Stopframe's best runners, a star prayer for his elementary school, accomplished in multiple other sports, and a Pious Scout. In addition to these skills, Orel possesses several unusual ones as the plot demands, such as necromancy, hand-to-hand combat proficiency, package delivery and running businesses.

History
Orel as an adult last episode
When he was a toddler, Orel had blind trust in everyone and everything. While his grandfather tried to raise him as a rational young lad for a bit, Ms. Censordoll tried to "scare Orel sacred" into blindly following God. Both of these approaches worked to some extent: Orel grew into a devout Christian, but he would try to apply rational thinking to what he learned at church. As the show progressed, Orel's beliefs expanded past the town's rigid doctrine; in "Praying", he practices Buddhist meditation, and in "Holy Visage", he goes against what he thinks is God's will for the sake of healing Dr. Chosenberg.

Orel's actions had a ripple effect on many characters. Reverend Putty, for example, was selfish and desperate for love until Orel taught him how to be grateful for what he had. When Orel bonded with Coach Stopframe in "Honor", the man realized that he was better off without Clay.

At first, Orel couldn't fully comprehend why the adults of Moralton would do horrible things to him (such as putting down his dog or taking Christina away from him for minute differences in faith) and why he believed any justification Clay left him. After a disastrous hunting trip, wherein he severely damaged his leg and limped for the rest of his life because of Clay, he started to understand why his father and the rest of town acts like they do.

During his childhood, Orel sang a hit song from Crooning Jesus and made a short film.

It is shown in the series finale that Orel marries Christina and lives as a happy and mature parent without renouncing his faith, along with breaking the long cycle of abuse the Puppingtons had ensued. He also stays in Moralton in order to make it a better place.

Relationships
Relatives
Clay Puppington

Clay is Orel's father. Orel used to consider him as a wise and noble man. In reality, Clay ignored Orel until he caused trouble, where he would spank and lecture the kid to correct his behavior. These spiels were often contradictory or cynical, such as when he tells Orel that all love eventually fades. Even though Orel still respected Clay before the hunting trip, he was well-aware of his rampant drinking and the beatings endured in his study.

Orel's respect for his old man shattered in "Nature," as he realized that Clay was a miserable and selfish bully. The two wouldn't talk to each other much for six months afterward. Still, Orel felt guilty that he couldn't honor his father during Christmas. After a fun-filled Christmas with Coach Stopframe, he taught Orel that Clay made him who he is, and that was worth honoring in a way. A picture of him on Orel's wall at the end of the series implies that he acknowledges Clay in some capacity.

Bloberta Puppington

Bloberta is Orel's mother, however they have little in common. Most of Bloberta's interactions with him stem from her desire to appear as a good mother rather than any genuine interest in her son. Outside of that, she's indifferent to whatever Orel does or what others do to him. While Orel respects her, he knows that she's unhappy with her family, including him.

After Bloberta learned what happened on the hunting trip, she gave Orel a bit more attention. The most genuine concern she showed about Orel was in "Honor," where she thought Orel should be in the family choir. It is implied that Orel still remembers and acknowledges her to some capacity in the episode's flash-forward.

Shapey Puppington

Shapey is Orel's younger half-brother. Although Shapey can get on his nerves, Orel still loves him and wants him to be safe (a hard task when his parents give Shapey an abundance of power tools). When they were very young, Orel almost sacrificed Shapey at an altar, thinking that God would intervene. In "The Best Christmas Ever," he thought Shapey was the second coming of Christ and treated him as such. Orel eventually gave his figurines and stop motion camera to Shapey and Block for Christmas in "Honor," and it is implied that he still cares about them

years later.

Arthur Puppington

Arthur is Orel's paternal grandfather and one of Orel's few good influences. He taught Orel about rational thinking when the kid was suddenly dropped off at his house, both to counteract Moralton's aggro brainwashing and atone for how he raised Clay. After Orel told everyone about nature and questioned the existence of God, he was forbidden from seeing his grandpa.

If the show continued, Arthur would have stayed at the Puppington residence to ride out a terminal illness. He would give advice to Orel until his death, which would deeply upset the kid.