Ningguang is a genshin impact character a anime girl 

Ningguang is a tall (5'6" 168cm) and very elegant young woman with fair skin, red eyes. She has long straight hair, half of it being tied into a wide bun resembling a bow and the rest is left to flow into two individual divided sections. Her hair is white and reaches her knees, where it fades into an ashy color. Her bun is accessorized with a black hairpin, and she wears a red tassel decoration atop her head which lays between her eyes.

Ningguang wears a white, high-necked sleeveless qipao dress with side slits that reach up to the thigh. It is decorated with a fur neck wrap around the collar, yellow patterns with gold banding, and black lace along the edge of the dress with her Geo Vision on her left midriff. (She is a E cup) She wears a pair of black high gloves that extend long enough to reach the ruffled extensions stretched from her upper arms. Her gloves are decorated with copper patterns and claw attachments on the thumb, ring and pinkey fingers which act as fingernail guards. The side of her left thigh has a red tattoo. The side slit in her dress reveal a pair of black shorts with diamond cut patterns. She wears a pair of brown heels, with another tattoo around her right ankle. Ningguang also carries a smoking pipe with her. Her outfit, Gold Leaf and Pearly Jade, is described as having intricate embroidery which is the hallmark of this graceful dress.


Ningguang is a professional businesswoman, having accumulated her wealth through all of her hard work and perseverance. Zhongli recalls her selling her wares at Yaoguang Shoal barefooted, and considers her to be a rare gem as she always presses on regardless of the situation. She has a very refined business wit, making use of a massive intelligence network and pawns to outplay her competition, although she makes sure she knows of their weaknesses before doing so. She is particularly fond of children, because they give her vital intelligence and she also enjoys seeing them smile.

Despite being kind and friendly towards most people she comes accross, she is extremely relentless when it comes to business. Her business motives appear to be driven by the sole ideal of making mora, (the currency in genshin impact) as she sees every mora she wins as a hard-earned trophy. This motive makes her disliked by those with significant influence, but nonetheless, many accept it as it adds to the overall prosperity of both the Qixing and the harbor itself.

While being the bearer of a Geo Vision, Ningguang does not rely too heavily on it as she claims Mora solves most of her problems. She had brought it for a business venture, but it ended up resonating with her instead, quickly dashing those hopes, and was initially annoyed at the unexpected turn.

Being the Tianquan of the Qixing, Ningguang is also devoted to Liyue's safety as she maintains law and order. While she holds great pride with her Jade Chamber, hoping to have it cover all seven nations of Teyvat one day, she does not hesitate to sacrifice it if it means protecting Liyue.
She is the richest character in genshin.

