Porsha is a tall Arctic-gray wolf with yellow eyes and bluish-grey and white fur. She wears purple sunglasses, a dark blue jacket with multicolored accents, yellow trousers, grey and white sneakers, and a blue vintage t-shirt with Clay Calloway's face on the front. Porsha appears to be quite adventurous, as she is seen eagerly volunteering to perform a dangerous stunt in Rosita's place, and is shown to be quite a skilled aerialist and singer, although is later shown to be an awful actress. She is also shown to be rather spoiled, with her voice actor Halsey calling her “awful”, as her father appears to give her whatever she wants, including Rosita's lead role in Out of This World, due in part to both Rosita being too afraid of heights to complete the stunts and Porsha having a dream the previous night where she performed for everyone, convincing her she’s better for the role. She doesn’t particularly take the job seriously either as she shows up late to rehearsal after shopping.

She's a drama-queen and can jump to her own conclusions, leading to misunderstandings, such as when Buster Moon says he needs to give the lead back to Rosita and offers her to switch roles. Porsha freaks out and thinks he’s firing her and storms out while assuming everyone hates her.

She is also shown to be a bit ditzy, such as pronouncing "sci-fi" as "sky-fi" and not knowing what a captain's log is.

She’s shown to be heartbroken over her father wrongfully blaming her for making him look bad for being "fired" and selfishly insulting her. She also seems to be aware of how violent he can be when he doesn't get his way, as when she returns to the studio, she warns everyone that none of them are safe from his wrath.

In the end, she rejoins the gang and apologizes for overreacting, and accepts the role as the Planet of Joy alien and performs quite well, while also mustering up the courage to stand up to her father during the performance.

However, despite her spoiled nature, she does have some empathy and consideration for others, seeing as she begged her father to stop when he tried to murder Buster Moon.