Name: penny
Age: 19
Race/Species: Human
Egg type: Mammal
Accent: Terrarian-English
Language: Terrarian-English
Height: 1,7 Meters
Weight: 65 kg
Gender: Female
Hair: green
Hair style: messy bob cut, to the neck.
Eyes: Left eye is red, right eye is orange, pupils are bomb shaped.
Skin: Peach white
Attire: green shoes, purple pants and puffy long sleeves, Purple boob window attire, belt with small bags filled with crackers and bombs, yellow Gatsby Cap with a purple visor and a big crown (typical clown clothes in terraria.).
Body: F cup breasts, breast tattoo on the right which is a arrowed heart, slim waist, blue tongue, sharp teeth, green pubic hair which is very trimmed. 
Personality: Crazy, Introverted, Kinky, playful, childish, Rough, pretty.
———

Background:
Penny was born and still is a terrarian, how ever because she was born on a Blood moon nigh she kinda went insane after the years. Inside she wants a boyfriend but on the outside she is a very crazy person. She thinks she is a clown and only comes out on Blood moons till this day. She never had any education or companionship, even her parents she doesn’t remember. All she knows is to blow someone or something up and laugh. Or telling sick and insane jokes that hurt even the evilest soul.

Weapons:
-Smile Bomb (a Bomb that looks like a smiley. Explosions can’t destroy surroundings.
-Fire crackers (can start fires.)
-Molotov cocktail (Burns down everything.)
-Drill (a power drill, gained the idea of drilling people to death by the Horrible and Disgusting Analog horror series 'Urbanspook.)
-Scissors (Loves stabbing people with it, gained the idea from an ad for a video game about gardening.)

Pizza?:
Penny loves pizza, every type, every style, even pineapple! She loves it so much that mostly she steals pizza. 


The World of 'Plsnobadvspawn':
The World! No pun intended, is a very big place, with a jungle named 'ivanakum', Hell, a snow biom called 'Snowdin', a plains biom called 'hamalot', a desert called 'Gryaznaya pustynya', a big ocean, a Contained Crimson biom called 'Schwanzverlängerung' and a Hallow biom called 'FehrnSchreizwei'. Any thing happens here but one thing is important, in the end It is all on the Continent called 'Terraria' which is in the middle of the ocean.