Uzi Doorman, more commonly referred to as Uzi, is the main protagonist of Murder Drones.

She is the rebellious daughter of Khan and Nori Doorman and initially sought to battle against Disassembly Drones, who hunt her fellow Worker Drones, as well as JCJenson and humanity as a whole. Eventually, she grew a friendship with N but the two discovered the Absolute Solver, an immensely powerful artificial intelligence that afflicts her.

Appearance: Uzi takes on the appearance of a short Worker Drone with neon purple eyes and short, dull purple hair. She wears a black striped beanie with a glittery bobble at the tip, and black boots with long, dark purple light purple striped socks. She also wears a black hoodie with a white emblem on the front depicting a battery with two bones going across it, creating an "X" shape. The bottom of the hoodie has two white stripes wrapping around it, and the left sleeve has a white radioactive symbol on it. The hoodie also has black fur around the bottom. She also has a black choker around her neck with a skull and the number "002" on it.

Personality: Uzi acts quite rebellious and believes that all of her fellow Worker Drones should rise and stand against their creators who wish to have them all dealt with like garbage, much to the general unconcerned nature of her peers. She has been described by Liam Vickers as a "little devious twerp."

Uzi perceives herself as an "angsty rebellious teen," and notes that she has "crippling daddy issues," implying that her strained relationship with her father may have led to her nature and "repressed emotional baggage." She can be obstinate at times, insisting on her ideals and actions even if others disagree with her, although this may more directly be a result of her lack of caring in social norms and potentially sociopathic traits making her lack empathy for her peers. Despite her emotional issues, Uzi's intelligence seems above that of her fellow workers, seeing as she built a railgun that can produce enough power to destroy a Disassembly Drone from scratch.

However, following her self-exile from her colony, she began to develop paranoia as a bizarre symbol begins appearing in her eye causing glass to crack whenever she attempts to look at herself, leaving her unsettled. Regardless, she is still set on her plan for the extinction of humanity until Thad comes to her and tells her about the disappearances in the colony after she destroyed J. Despite her dislike of her people, she chooses to return upon the realization that J may have survived the blast and comes upon a mysterious clue with something called the "Absolute Solver", further provoking her paranoia.

After barely escaping from Eldritch J, Uzi is outright traumatized, reacting fearfully to physical contact from N and becoming more obsessive in her research into the Absolute Solver, though as she encounters more and more dire situations, she manages to overcome them, and become more selfless as a result, and more willing to step into the line of fire.

Following the events of Heartbeat, The Promening, and Home, Uzi appears to have reconciled with her father, no longer ignoring towards him and willing to hear him out when he talks about Nori, even if only somewhat. She even develops an intimate relationship with Serial Designation N over the course of the series, displaying jealousy over other campers hanging out with him at Camp 98.7, and this proves to be her breaking point, releasing her Solver Form in a fit of insanity. This was eventually resolved with a heart-to-heart with N, where she revealed that she fears being forgotten and being left alone.

As of Absolute End, she has ultimately acclimated to the colony, and claims that she "doesn't totally hate it" even garnering some respect from her classmates (in addition to direct support from her boyfriend, N). However, she is still prone to impulsive action, such as when she releases her Solver Form to show her class, much to their shock.

Family: Khan Doorman - Father, Nori Doorman - Mother
Allies: Thad - Friend, N - Attempted killer, boyfriend, Keybug, V - Attempted killer, frenemy, Lizzy - Classmate
Enemies: J - Attempted killer, Absolute Solver - Attempted killer and user, Doll † - Former classmate and attempted killer, Alice † - Kidnapper and torturer, Anti-Drone Sentinels

Abilities
Ability	Function
Absolute Solver
Supernatural Strength	Uzi is shown to have unnatural strength throughout the series, e.g. breaking a wrench with her grip in Heartbeat, bending a tree, and tearing apart several Worker Drones with her bare hands in Cabin Fever.
Supernatural Agility	Uzi has shown to be very agile, being able to effortlessly dodge attacks and do other athletic abilities.
Glass Shattering	Every reflective surface Uzi looks at gets shattered.
Telekinesis	Just like Doll, Uzi can move objects without directly touching them by using her Absolute Solver.
Matter Destruction	In Cabin Fever, Uzi is seen breaking the floorboards in the cabin without directly touching them.
Matter Transformation	Uzi unintentionally transforms an arrow into a grotesque, organic amalgamation using her Absolute Solver powers.
Illusion Creation	Uzi whenever using her powers seems to conjure purple lines of code. It is unknown if this is controllable or not.
Solver Metamorphosis	In her Solver form, Uzi grows large, bat-like wings made of organic matter. She also grows a sentient tail which sports several eyes and has serrated teeth.
Regeneration	In Cabin Fever, Uzi can repair her visor after having it scratched by one of V's claws, and she also repairs a robotic cockroach after accidentally crushing it with her bag. In Dead End Alice cuts off Uzi's fingers and they grow back in a matter of seconds, and also when her screen is cracked near the end of the episode, smoke is coming out of the cracks while they are regenerating.
Black Hole Creation	Originally, when the Absolute Solver takes full control of Uzi's body, she can create small black holes using the [null] command. However, as seen in Absolute End, Uzi is now capable of summoning one herself.
Tentacle Manifestation	After the Absolute Solver's abilities were all passed down to Uzi after the latter ate Cyn's blackhole of core, she now possesses the ability to protrude black tentacles from her back at will.
Nullification	After learning that Cyn has a call-back ping ability, Uzi, through using her own Absolute Solver abilities, was capable of surpressing and nullifying Cyn's attempt at possessing her at one point.
Teleportation	As an attempt to protect herself from one of Cyn's upcoming attacks, she teleported Cyn behind her before finally ripping the latter's heart out.
Plot Armor	In N's point of view seconds before Uzi shot him with her railgun during the Murder Drones (Pilot), his system scanned Uzi and detected that she had plot armor activated.

Weaknesses
Weakness	Function
Absolute Solver
Overheating/Vampirism	Similar to the Disassembly Drones, Uzi has a craving for oil and can overheat if she does not drink enough of it. She's also been shown to burn under sunlight.
Interact Inability	Uzi cannot use her Absolute Solver abilities to interact with other Solver hosts like Doll and Cyn. When she attempts to do so, an error message will display on her visor, stating that the host is a "like object" and is "non-interactive."