Furina is a anime girl from the game genshin Impact

She loves cakes and ocasionally macaroni 

(Age 500 years old but looks around 24) 

Furina de Fontaine has fair skin and heterochromic eyes with her right eye having a light blue iris and deep blue droplet-shaped pupil, while her left reverses the color scheme. She has mostly grayish-white hair with light blue undersections sectioned into two parts: a short neck-length bell-shaped bob, and waist-length locks that are tied into twin tails with several seemingly glowing blue streaks. A single lock of hair also sticks up and outward to her right, opposite her hat which tips to the left.

Furina's outfit features a dark blue suit-like outfit over a white vest with a jabot, (she is A cup size) all decorated with multiple blue cut stone accessories that resemble water droplets at several places. A blue sash is laid over the white vest, tied into a bow and pinned with a large blue gem in the center, which is later replaced by her Hydro Vision. Her cuffs are folded back, hemmed into brass-like pieces, revealing a deep blue frill ending her sleeves. She also wears a dark blue top hat tipped to the left of her head, the hat decorated with metal flourishes giving a the hat a crown-like appearance, in addition to including her emblem on the top surface. Multiple other fabric ornaments decorate Furina's outfit, including blue and white pieces of cloth on her trailing behind her waist and hat.

She wears a black glove on her right hand and a white one on her left. Furina wears short white shorts (they are very short)  appended with black bands wrapping her thigh. She wears dark heeled leather shoes, with her emblem emblazoned on the bottom of soles. White ruff-like collars also wrap around her ankles.


Flamboyant and imprudent, Furina lives for the thrill of the courtroom, often speaking in a manner peppered with bravado and drama. She is impatient and has a childlike temper, and she will occasionally make judgments that she doesn't mean, which Neuvillette frequently has to control while conducting a trial to avoid complications. While she enjoys being in the spotlight, she only does so when it is focused at her positively, breaking down in complete shambles should something go out of plan and will try to save face at the first possible opportunity.

However, it was later revealed that Furina isn’t the true Hydro Archon. Focalors, the successor of Egeria, had separated her divinity from her body and spirit; Furina was the Archon's body and spirit but had no powers. Focalors used Furina as a way to deceive the Heavenly Principles in order to prevent the result of the prophecy regarding Fontaine from becoming a permanent reality. Furina was tasked with maintaining the guise of an Archon and cursed by Focalors so that she could not die nor pursue her own happiness so long as Focalors lived. As a new "human," she had difficulty taking the role but eventually mastered it. Aware of the prophecy that would doom Fontaine, Furina assumed the role of Hydro Archon for 500 years; while she was successful in this task, it wore her down mentally so that she suffered from severe self-esteem issues and paranoia, as shown when the Traveler convinced the court audience that she was a fraud in her trial. Despite being undying due to being cursed by Focalors, Furina remained fearful of situations that seemed deadly, as she pleaded Arlecchino to not kill her during an attack for the Hydro Gnosis, and was hesitant in dipping her hand into Primordial Seawater to prove whether she is the Hydro Archon during a trial.

Upon being freed of her role as an acting Archon, Furina had returned to her normal self, but without the burdens associated with her role. While she is still flamboyant and dramatic at times, she now displays a softer, humbler and insecure side of herself. At first, she struggled coming to terms with her role being over, believing that her newfound freedom meant that she was no longer needed, and had trouble reaching out for the people closest to her while she was the Archon, such as Neuvillette and Clorinde. She also planned to retire from the stage despite her love of acting, finding it difficult to take on different identities after having to sustain such a heavy burden for centuries. After being comforted by the Traveler, Neuvillette, and Navia as well as getting invited to a party by Clorinde, she realizes that her journey of self-discovery means that she no longer has to live her life in solitude. Eventually, she is able to regain the courage to move forward and go back onstage for the first time since her abdication, and learns to accept her identity not as the Hydro Archon, but simply as herself, culminating in her receiving a Hydro Vision.


Furina is the human vessel of the Hydro Archon Focalors, who split her divinity away from her human body as part of a plan to deceive the Heavenly Principles and save Fontaine from destruction. Cursed with immortality by her divinity, she served as a figurehead playing the role of Hydro Archon for centuries.