Personal Information:
Gender:Female
Age:3502 years old
Birthday:17 June
Height:Human form: 180 cm (5'11") Dragon form: 7m (23')[5]
Zodiac Sign:Gemini
Fan Name:Tatsunoko (Little Dragons)
Emoji used:🐉

Kiryu Coco (桐生ココ) was a female Japanese Virtual YouTuber associated with hololive, debuting as part of its fourth generation of VTubers alongside Tsunomaki Watame, Tokoyami Towa, Amane Kanata and Himemori Luna.

Coco retired in July 2021 with a record-breaking graduation ceremony. She was known for her fluency in Japanese and English, her AsaCoco Live News and Reddit Meme Review shows, and for being the #1 superchat donation earner in the world. Profile:"Good morning, everyone! Wake up, wake up, wake up!"

A kid dragon who came to Japan from another world as a language exchange student. Holds a deep interest in human culture.

She is a dragon with a strict code of honor, and keeps her human form through sheer force of willpower.Personality

Coco was an outspoken, irreverent, and usually loud and energetic dragon who often employed crude humor and swear words, although she lacked the direct lewdness of members like Natsuiro Matsuri. She enjoyed teasing other members in her streams, making fun of their failures on her morning show or poking fun during collaborations.

She was famous for trying to push the boundaries of what VTubers can get away with on YouTube and what she could try on stream, Houshou Marine named these boundaries the "Kiryu Coco line." Examples of this included (but are not limited to) holding monthly hair removal streams, discussing the use of toilet speedrunning or real time attack (RTA) techniques, thumbnails flipping the bird, references to drug use, and teaching her predominantly Japanese audience different uses of English curse words and profanity.

However, when the situation calls for it, Coco can be very serious and mature. Coco is very worldly, and occasionally shares advice on different serious topics with her viewers and even her colleagues when prompted. One example of this can be seen when Coco spent an hour on-stream lending Aqua her ear and her thoughts over a recent (at the time) bout of criticisms directed Aqua's way, even as they played the game Raft.

However, when the situation called for it, Coco was one of the biggest hearted members of hololive and could be very serious and mature. Coco was very worldly, and occasionally shared advice on different serious topics with her viewers and even her colleagues when prompted. During a now famous live stream of The Raft when Minato Aqua shared her feelings about how difficult the life of a virtual idol could be, Coco gave some truly kind words of encouragement that nearly brought Aqua to tears.[8] She often came to the aid of the other players when they experience technical problems. She proposed the construction of a 'hololive house' for all the hololive streamers to live together and help take care of each other.

She's also playful and fun-loving. She started the hololive "ARK Addiction" because she wanted members to play the game together, going as far as to buy Roboco-san her copy of ARK: Aberration when she discovered that she'd purchased ARK: Extinction instead. This is further showed by the fact that, unlike the NIJISANJI ARK server, which is PvP, Coco's is PvE.

Coco could be very ambitious, going from stubbornly insisting on not singing on stream to streaming karaoke several times a week and even integrating it into her Super Chat readings. She was also very prone to overworking herself, and it was not surprising to see her stream more than once a day. It was well-known that Coco worked late into the night until the early hours of the morning to work on her 6 AM AsaCoco morning show, to the point that her sleep cycle was supposedly the complete opposite of the healthy Tokoyami Towa.

Coco loved the Yakuza video game series and streamed it often. Her love for Yakuza goes as far that she is called kaichou, 「会長」, "chairman," a title used by yakuza leaders which is shared by her favorite character, Kiryu Kazuma.

She sometimes used English and Japanese interchangeably. She often began streams with her catchphrase "Goooood MORNING MOTHERF@$#ERS!", in reference to her morning show AsaCoco Live News, in which it is followed by "OKITE, OKITE! OKITE KU-DA-SA-I!" (Wake up, Wake up! WAKE UP PL-EA-SE!) in Japanese.
Appearance

She has long orange hair an an ahoge with a yellow lock and braid. Her eyes are a hot pink and she has reddish-purple horns.
History
Background

Coco originally applied to hololive as management, but by coincidence the 4th generation auditions were happening at the same time and she was recommended to join.[9] Coco wanted to work part-time in management and part-time as a VTuber, but was told that she had to do one or the other.

Coco's design originally more closely resembled an office lady. Coco requested small changes, including that the breasts be made as large as possible.

Coco was introduced along with the rest of hololive fourth generation on 25 December, 2019.[10] Coco's Twitter account was created on 29 November 2019, while her first tweet was made on 25 December,[11] and her YouTube channel was created on 4 December.
Debut

Coco's debut stream took place on 28 December 2019. Her introductory video, set to Part of Your World from Disney's The Little Mermaid, told the story that after hatching from a dragon egg, she left her original world long ago and came to Earth, befriending many people. One day while flying, she crashed into the hololive headquarters by accident, injuring Yagoo, who asked her to join hololive. Later lore would retcon that Watson Amelia was responsible for the crash.
2020

On 11 January, Coco reached 100,000 subscribers on her YouTube channel.[12]

On 7 February, her channel became monetizable.[13] YouTube required new channels like hololive fourth generation to stream for around a month before their channels could be monetized. Later generations would not have such a delay.

On 14 February, less than two months after her debut, she published on Twitter that she reached 200,000 subscribers.[14]

On 18 April, she lost her ability to stream on YouTube,[15] during which time AsaCoco was not live. Less than a week later, on the 23 April, she regained the ability to stream.[16]

On 19 April, she reached 300,000 subscribers on her YouTube channel.[17]

On 15 June, she reached 400,000 subscribers on her YouTube channel.[18]

On 22 June, Coco announced on Twitter that she would receive 3D model.[19] She debuted her 3D model on 27 June, being the first of her generation to do so.[20]

On 3 August, Coco reached 500,000 subscribers on her YouTube channel during a karaoke stream, making her the 5th hololive member to reach this milestone and the first of her generation.[21][22]

On 9 September, she reached 600,000 subscribers on her YouTube channel during a countdown stream.[23]

On 27 September, she and Akai Haato were suspended for 3 weeks, preventing them from doing streaming and Twitter activities, due to a controversy when both displayed "Taiwan" in "Top Countries" when divulging through their confidential YouTube channel's analytics, sparking anger from some people in the Chinese audience.[24]

On 18 October, she reached 700,000 subscribers on her YouTube channel.[25]

On 19 October, she returned to her YouTube activities with a new episode of AsaCoco Live News, in which she announced that she had reached 700,000 YouTube subscribers in her absence.[26]

On 18 November, she reached 800,000 subscribers on her YouTube channel.[27]

On 27 November, she announced in a tweet that she would go on a hiatus to protect herself.[28]

On 14 December, Coco returned to her activities on YouTube.[29]

On 29 December, hololive's Twitter accounts announced that eight members including Kiryu Coco would receive "New Year" costumes.[30]
2021

On 1 January, she debuted her second 2D costume, a new year kimono.[31]

On 11 January, she reached 900,000 YouTube subscribers.[32]

On 7 February, Coco debuted the 2.0 version of her 2D model during a stream, showing a great improvement in the mobility of her model which previously had very limited movement compared to her fellow gen partners. The new model finally included a nose, which was missing from her original model.[33]

On 15 February, hololive's Twitter account announced that the members of the 4th generation would receive their 3D idol costumes.[34] Later the same day Coco debuted her 3D idol costume.[35]

On 17 February, Coco reached 1,000,000 subscribers, making her the 10th member of hololive to reach this milestone, the 7th member of hololive JP to do so, and the first member of hololive JP's 4th Gen to do so.[36]

On 8 April, Coco received a small update allowing her to wear glasses with her main costume.[37][38]

On 21 April, hololive's Twitter account announced that Coco would receive her third 2D costume.[39]

On 23 April, she debuted her third 2D costume. Her new clothes included a red jacket, accompanied with a white strapless blouse underneath, a necklace with a jewel similar to the one she wears in her standard outfit, and high black socks. Her hair is styled in twintails with black ribbons. Coco acknowledged the similarity of this costume to the design of her original joke character Coco Kaine, especially when she wears the jacket below the shoulders and using an alternate hairstyle featuring Kaine-style shorter twintails.[40]

On 9 June, Coco announced that she would be leaving hololive on 1 July, with her final livestream scheduled for the day of her graduation. Like previous graduate Kagami Kira, the archives of her past streams would not be deleted after graduating, although the closure of her channel's monetization would make members-only content unavailable.[41] Shortly after Cover Corp's website released a statement where the company clarifies that it was Coco's decision to retire and they would honor her wishes, with Shirakami Fubuki trying her best to cheer up the saddened hololive community.[42] While the reasons for her graduation were not explicitly stated, Coco announced "I'm gonna be a superstar in another world!," interpreted by many to mean she was moving on to a new stage in her personal career. The decision to leave hololive was made by Coco herself around three months prior to the announcement. She denied rumors that she was moving to hololive management.[43]

On 16 through 17 June, Coco held a midnight countdown stream celebrating her 3,502nd birthday, which was attended by around 35,000 viewers. On a following birthday stream on 17 June, Coco brought back AsaCoco Live News show for a one-off event, and made the her debut live performance on the hololive idol stage, where she debuted her original song "Weather Hackers."[44]

On 22 June, hololive's official Twitter account announced that Coco would get her fourth 2D costume, as part of the celebration of one million subscribers on YouTube.[45]

The following day, on 23 June, Coco revealed her fourth 2D costume, a full-body purple dragon hoodie based on her dragon form (as seen in her introductory video). Her hair is tied into twin braids to the front.[46]

On 27 June, the original MV for her song "Weather Hackers☆" was released.[47]

On 28 June, Coco debuted her first cover of the song "Fansa" by HoneyWorks.[48]
Retirement

On 1 July, Coco graduated with a final YouTube live stream, in which every single active hololive member shared their first impressions and some of their best memories together with Coco. They all wished Coco the best and stated all the things she did to make hololive what it is today.

Coco left her gen mates, holoForce, for last. Each member read out loud handwritten letters and gave them to Coco.

    Watame told Coco, "Thanks to you, Coco, I can stand here-- well, I'm sitting but-- I can stand here without faltering. (Coco and Watame stand up from their seats) I can say this with full confidence!"
    Luna endearingly drew a picture for Coco that said "大スキココちゃ" (I love you, Cococha/Wuv you, Cococha). Luna also drew Coco's face, Kanata's star shaped-metallic halo, Towa's hat "Bibi", Watame's ram horn, and Luna's princess crown.
    Towa reminisced, "The 4th Generation may look like it has four members from now on, but there will always be five of us, and I will continue to work hard as one of them," while easily losing control over her tears and emotionally silencing everyone in the room as a result, including Coco.
    Kanata compared the two's relationship to that of an old couple who'd have been married forever before stating, "I've seen you putting on a brave face and pretending everything was fine during the hard times, when in reality you were worrying about it alone. I've seen you bring prosperity to hololive. And I'll never forget any of that! You did a really, really good job! I love you more than anyone! KanaCoco is forever! Let's keep it going!"

The stream concluded with a live 3D stage performance in which all fourth generation members sung and danced to "Shiny Smily Story," fourth generation's first original song "Kiseki Musubi," and Coco's personal song "Weather Hackers." The stream peaked at 491,342 concurrent viewers, making it the live stream with the largest simultaneous viewer count in hololive and VTuber history.[49][50]

The chat in her final stream moved too fast for YouTube to show it in real time, requiring freeze-frame to be readable.

Coco's final livestream set an all-time Superchat revenue record with over $300K+ USD in final revenues. Considering rumored hololive's rule about giving all revenues from final livestreams to its respective retiring talents (after YouTube's ~30% tax), it could be said Coco got a final revenue about $200K USD net earnings, setting also an all-time record for a VTuber.

The hashtags #GoodbyeCoco and #桐生ココ卒業LIVE became trending worldwide on Twitter on the date of her retirement.

Shortly thereafter, Coco posted her final tweet saying good bye for the last time, and changed her title on her Twitter username from 「ホロライブ4期生」 (hololive Generation 4) to 「ホロライブ卒業生」 (A hololive graduate).[51] Her profile section on hololive Production's official website was also updated to include the title of "OG Alumnus" while remaining accessible, unlike the case of previously retired members, all of whose profiles were removed entirely from the site. Sometime in early July, her YouTube channel description was also updated to include the phrase "Graduated on July 1, 2021 (Thu.)" at the beginning as well, similar to Kagami Kira.

As with her stream archives as stated in her graduation announcement, she has also left all of her posts on Twitter and Reddit accessible.

On 2 July, the version of "Weather Hackers☆" performed on her farewell stream was uploaded to her YouTube channel as a stand alone video. The video was uploaded because "a portion of the "Kiryu Coco Graduation LIVE" stream displayed glitches caused by YouTube streaming issues."[52]
Legacy

A "Free Chat" scheduled stream was established for midnight JST on 30 September 2021 to allow fans to use the pre-stream chat until that date, although of course no stream was intended. Over 118,000 viewers attended regardless, with many renewing their Kiryu Coco memberships or leaving messages of thanks.

Coco is the first graduate of hololive:

    To announce one's graduation by themselves first, rather than announcing through Cover Corporation.
    To be explicitly mentioned as such on the official website, as an "OG."
    Allowed to be mentioned and referred to without restrictions of Japanese cultural reservations.
    Potentially allowed to guest star in future hololive events.

After Coco's graduation, Haachama took over as the host of Reddit Shitpost Review with Coco's blessing. Haachama has also turned Coco's old intro music into the Shitpost Review theme and the intro now ends with an animation of Coco giving Haachama a high-five.

During the 2021 hololive Sports Tournament event in Minecraft, there was an image of a dragon flying in the sky that was made as an homage to Coco, with horns resembling hers.

Coco asked Gura during her graduation stream to promise to play ARK with other members. On 23 January 2022, Gura played ARK with Nanashi Mumei.[53]

Coco is said to still frequently interacting with other hololive members off-stream; for example, when Akai Haato returned from hiatus in late July 2021, she cited that a conversation with Coco and Kanata during a meal motivated her to return to streaming.[54]

Coco still lived together with Kanata after her graduation. However, Kanata often refers to Coco as "C-chan" or "Yuujin-C" (friend C) and sometimes pretends she's a completely different person when on stream, despite it being very obvious who she refers to. As of July 2022, Kanata had moved out on her own accord, but assured her fans that they were still friends.Fans

    Her fanbase is officially called "Tatsunoko" 「たつのこ」, meaning both "seahorse" and "dragon's children."Relationships

    Up until July 2022, she lived with fellow hololive member Amane Kanata. The two have been described interchangeably as best friends and a "bickering married couple." Despite this, both have expressed great love and appreciation for one another, and often cameo in one another's streams as either intentional guests or as background distractions. Kanata has even stated on a stream that she and Coco had bought "couple-rings." She announced her intent to continue living with Kanata after her graduation from hololive.
    Since July 2022, Kanata had moved out and the two begin to live separately, with Kanata citing this decision was made by herself only and is a form of precaution from future events that might occur should the two continue to live together.[55]
    Coco has helped other hololive members on numerous documented occasions. She comforted Watame and Aqua when they were having difficulty, helped Rushia when she got stuck in Ark due to a bug, taught Rushia how to screenshot, taught Rushia how to loop BGMs, gifted Roboco Ark: Aberration when she accidentally bought the wrong game, and helped to promote Kanata's poorly-selling t-shirt. She also encouraged hololive to play Ark and paid for the hololive Ark server, despite not earning any money yet.[9] Watame described her as kind-hearted, influential, and hard-working.[57]
    She proposed the construction of Holohouse, a place where hololive members could live together and receive support. While Holohouse never got past the planning stage, they managed to settle in a building near the hololive office where Coco, Kanata, and Suisei live, and other members can stay over during collabs at the offices. Coco's goal was to create a living space where members could avoid issues they often faced; e.g. thin walls, located too far from hololive HQ, family members making noise, poor internet, becoming lonely living alone, or having difficulty renting while working as a streamer.[9]
    Coco encouraged the creation of hololive English and made a trailer to promote the auditions. Her ability to speak both English and Japanese allowed her to connect with hololive English, although she ultimately did not make any collaborations with them until June 2021, shortly before her graduation.
    Coco used to talk about doing a collaboration with VShojo's Projekt Melody some day. Coco and Mel describe each other as friends. However, in a Q&A stream, when someone brought up a potential Melody collab, she revealed the higher ups told her she should never bring up or talk about Melody in her streams again. VShojo's Nyatasha Nyanners also describes Coco as a big inspiration. Eventually, the relationship between hololive and VShojo softened, allowing Nyanners to collab with Takanashi Kiara, and Ironmouse to collab with Mori Calliope shortly after.

Units and groups aside from holoForce Coco was a part of are:

    "Doukyo's," (同居ーず), along with Amane Kanata and Hoshimachi Suisei.
    "Shiryuu-Gumi," (紫龍組) along with Murasaki Shion.
    "hololive English Generation 0" or "holoMeth," along with Akai Haato.
    "KanaCocoShishiLamy," (かなココししラミ), along with Amane Kanata, Shishiro Botan and Yukihana Lamy.
        Their unit name was initially called "KanaLamyShiCoShiCo" (かなラミしコしコ), but it quickly gained notoriety due to the "ShiCoShiCo" part resembling Japanese onomatopoeia of masturbation (i.e. "fap fap").
    "PekoCoco" (ぺこココ), along with Usada Pekora.
    "MariCoco" (マリココ), along with Houshou Marine.
    "MikoCoco" (みこここ), along with Sakura Miko.
    "Orange Women," along with Takanashi Kiara.
    "Ahoge-min" (アホ毛民), along with Yukihana Lamy.
    "HoloTall," along with Pavolia Reine.Trivia
Name

    Her surname "Kiryu"「桐生」is written with the same kanji as her favorite character from the Yakuza video game series, Kiryu Kazuma「桐生 一馬」.
        Coco also shares her birthday with Kiryu Kazuma.
        Houshou Marine referred to Coco by the name "Kiryu-chan," a nickname also used by Kiryu Kazuma's nutty rival, Majima Goro. Like Marine, Majima also wears an eyepatch.
        The same kanji are used in the name of the city of Kiryuu, Gunma, as well as in the surname of Japanese athlete Yoshihide Kiryuu.
        "Ryuu," as in "Kiryuu," can also mean "dragon," although usually written with other kanji. For example, the Japanese name of the Yakuza game series is Ryuu ga Gotoku, 「龍が如く」, meaning "like a dragon." Kiryu Kazuma is also nicknamed "the Dragon of Dojima".
    Coco is written 「ココ」, in katakana, usually used for foreign loanwords and foreign names.
        Coco is also a female name. Famous women named Coco include fashion designer Coco Chanel and Japanese voice actress Coco Hayashi.
        The Coco is also a creature of European folklore, sometimes a dragon. In Monção, Portugal, the Coco is portrayed as a dragon who fights Saint George.

Lore

    Coco's natural form is that of a dragon, in which she is purple and 7 meters (23 feet) long. She is only 3,502 years old, which is still considered a child by her species.
    After hatching from an egg, Coco decided her world was boring, and came to the human world because it seemed much more interesting.
    Coco joined hololive in 2019 when she crashed into the hololive headquarters while flying in dragon form and sent YAGOO to the hospital. In order to pay them back for the damages, she was forced to work for the company and become a VTuber.
    According to Meme Review with Watson Amelia, Ame was responsible for Coco crashing into hololive HQ. At Yagoo's request, Ame used her time travel ability to go back to December 29, 2019, and shoot Coco with a massive tranquilizer dart full of Watson Concoction, which hit Coco in the neck and caused the crash. The events were detailed in Secret Ame Coco Lore by MMMaellon, which Ame declared is canon. On learning that Ame shot her in the neck, Coco asked, "Is that why I sound like a drugged Mickey Mouse?"
    At 180 cm (5'11") in height, Coco is the tallest hololive member to date. However, some of the male Holostars are taller: Yukoku Roberu at 181 cm, Arurandeisu at 184 cm (186 cm with the "old" Arurandeisu), and Aragami Oga at 192 cm.
    Coco's bowless horn has a yellow scar. In an episode of AsaCoco Live News, Coco explained that this was a scratch which probably occurred when she accidentally bumped into a light pole or door frame, as she is somewhat clumsy due to lack of familiarity with her human form. Her bust-size has caused similar 