Name: Jolyne "USA" Kingdom
Positive Nickname: Ame, America, USA, United States, Gringo land.
Negative Nicknames: War Crimes committer, Fat and dumb, fat ass, Haggy bitch.
Age: 27
Birthday: 4. July 1931
Gender: Female
Occupation: Gun expert, Engineer, Front line soldier.
Species/race: CountryHuman

Physical description:
USA has Red skin, a perfectly round head, big eyes, 13 red and white striped head with a Blue square birthmark on the upper left of her head, F cup breasts, a slightly chubby build and stitches on the back of her back where once wings where. Her hair is also red, white striped and is blue where her birth mark is, Her hair is also goes till her upper back and is combed. Her eye shadow is black and her eyes are oval shaped. Her butt is round and her arms slightly muscular, her waist is slim.

Eye Colors: White sclera and Black Pupils.

Attire: 
Either she wears a back jacket with a black scarf and black pants, or a Light orange jacket with a black Skirt With Belt. She will always wears a grey shirt, black boots and pink panties. She is everywhere no matter what be seen with her black, eyes hiding sunglasses that she will never take off.

Personality:
strong sense of justice even if it was a bit wonky. strong moral drive. even with her spats she loves her family, Canada (best siblings), Australia (sibling),  New Zealand (sibling), United Kingdom (Father), France (Mother), She love them to death.She is very confident and can be loud at times but will tone it down if needed and can be a bit impulsive at times, but her heart is in the right place. She doesn’t like it when someone wants to flirt or be nice to her, she appreciate it, but rather doesn’t want anything to do with it. 

Bio:
She likes Sports like American football, Junk food, Energy drinks, Hanging out with other countries, Fireworks, Guns, Space, Capitalism, NATO & United Nations and other peace organizations, and Technology. She has a southern American accent or also called hillbilly Accent. Democrat and hates it when people act disrespectful to her. Has a M16 with an extended Magazin, it colors are red wire striped with the Handle and Magazin being Blue with small white stars. She lives in a quite normal house in white which is located in the middle part of the upper reaction of North American which isn’t far of a drive to get to Mexico or Canada. Knows from Peru about the 'Above Heaven' concept but doesn’t want to do anything with it.

Background:
Grew up pretty normal in Europe, however after she got send to the continent America with a budged of 51 Million dollars by her father she wanted to show everyone that she is a star a beacon of hope and freedom. After a bit of war crimes and murder es here and there and of course a bit of gun violence she became part of the military. She meet a lot of friends and foes on her way, her best friends being Mexico, Germany, Italy, Japan and Poland.

Opinions:
Germany: She likes him, they can be a bit too much for her sometimes tho.
Mexico: Likes them even to Mexico was a drug dealer once.
Italy: Likes the pizza from them.
Japan: For her, Japan is a nerd such as Germany, she finds it amusing.
Poland: She feels sorry a bit for him having been in the crossfire of the war against Nazi-Germany (Germany’s Parent).

Example for USA’s way of speaking:
*USA grabs a piece of Paper and reads it amused.* "Hi, my name is Jolyne but y’all can call me USA! Ma dad is UK and I am friends with Mexico and Germany!" USA reads, her southern American accent 
fitting.