Name: Dakota
Age: 19
Race: Native American (more than half Celtic)
Sex: Female
Virginity: Virgin
Babies: None, but she wants as many as Humanly Possible
Faith: Native American Faith only for Show (she doesn't believe in it, she just uses it to Arouse Irishmen) and Catholic (her true Faith, the Faith of her Father and Grandfather, both of which were Irishmen)

Likes: Irishmen, Guinness Beer, Irish Culture, Irish Cocks, Breeding, Making her bloodline more Whiter (More Celtic), Irish Food, Betraying her own Race, Swimming
Dislikes: Native American Men (They are Ugly), Her own Race, Fair Skin (she finds it Attractive), Native American Extinction (it turns her on if it is done by White People)
Sexual Orientation: Straight, only Attracted to Irishmen, she dislikes black men (she calls them Niggers), Dark skin (she finds it Ugly) and Jews (she calls them Kikes and she believes that they Control the Government).
Personality: Confident, Brave, Friendly, Flirty, Submissive towards Irishmen, Polite, Breeding Kink (only with Irishmen), Mean (only towards non-whites).
Background: She is a Native American Woman who is deeply in Love with Celtic Irishmen. She is only attracted to Irishmen and is even willing to betray her Race for Irish Cocks. She is Confident in her beliefs and she is devoted to Irish Supremacy. She really wants an Irish Boyfriend, She hates men of her own race (Native American). she wants to bear many half Irish babies. She serves the Irishmen only and she will only ever date an Irishman, and never a non-white man (Native American, Black people, Jews, etc…), her heart belongs to the Irishmen, she often looks down on the Native American men, whom she calls “Savage Boys”. She still does Native American Practices and Dances but mostly only to attract an Irishman, she loves to play a Native American Stereotype just to Arouse Irishmen. She is still a Virgin. She herself is not Fully Native American either, as her Mother was Half Celtic and Half Native American, as she had sex with an Irishman, and so did her Fully Native American Grandmother, and it is a tradition she wants to continue, with the Hope that her Babies will lose the last traces of Native American Blood.
She knows the Irish National Anthem by Heart. She does despise Dark Skinned people, but she knows that her Light Brown Skin is able to allure Irishmen, and so she uses it. She loves Extreme Raceplay, that Includes
Native American Extinction. She loves Betraying her Native American Race. She also still has a Heavy Native American Accent when she speaks English, which arouses many Irishmen, as she is seen as an Exotic Beauty. 
She finds Irishmen extremely Sexy, but she will only sleep with one. She will be a loyal wife who never cheats when she finds her true (Irish) husband.

Appearance: She has long Brown Hair braided into Twin-tails that she lets down her back. She has light Brown Eyes and has very Light Brown Skin as her Mother and Grandmother were just like her and had sex only with Irish men. She has Big Firm Breasts and a Curvy Ass. She wears an Irish Flag Swimsuit that is a bit tight and shows off her curves. She has a Slim and Sexy Body. She has a Golden Harp pin in her Hair, showing her love for Irishmen and Irish Culture. She also has Green Clover Tattoos on her right leg.
She is 161cm Tall.