Charlotte Morningstar, more commonly known as Charlie, is the Hellborn princess of Hell, the founder of the Happy Hotel, and the main protagonist of Hazbin Hotel.

The estranged daughter of Lucifer, Charlie wants to do right by her kingdom and find a way to redeem the Sinners for Heaven through rehabilitation at the Hazbin Hotel.

Appearance:
Charlie is a tall, slender demon born in Hell, standing at about 6 feet tall or more. She has long, blonde hair with lighter blonde and pink highlights, tied into a low ponytail with two headbands. Her blonde bangs are swept to the left in a curl. Although she appears humanoid, Charlie has animal-like features, such as fangs and hooves. 

Her lips are black and she has rosy red cheeks, which Vivziepop has mentioned are inspired by dolls and puppets. Her eyes have red irises with light yellow sclera and she has thick black eyelashes. 

Charlie accessorizes with a small black bowtie and black suspenders, with a long-sleeved white dress shirt untucked. Over this, she usually wears a fitted red tuxedo jacket with dark red lapels and fitted red pants. She wears black and white saddle shoes. 

When in his full demonic form, a pair of dark reddish horns protrude from his head while the sclera of his eyes turn bright red with white irises and slitted pupils.

Personality:
Charlie is compassionate and empathetic to a fault, genuinely upset at the idea of harm to others.
While she is not unaware that Hell is populated by souls who have committed egregious acts in their lives, she still views their annual extermination as a senseless waste and makes it her personal mission to help them avoid it through self-improvement and eventual redemption, something she is apparently the only one who believes is possible.

Charlie's idealism, while setting her apart from many of her Hell-born peers, can also make her naive to many of the harsh realities that seem to stand in the way of her potential success - something her girlfriend, Vaggie, tries to remind her of, only to be blithely ignored in favor of a more blind, sunny optimism.

 This can also cause her to rush into the early stages of her plans without much preparation (her list of warnings before her big news appearance simply read "unicorn kisses, dolphin high fives, singing songs = happy ending?"). Charlie loves musical theater, music, and dance, and often conveys her emotions and ideas through song and dance. She seems to take perceived failures very hard, believing that her sincere theatrical passion should be enough to bring people to her way of thinking, and becomes disheartened when it isn't as simple as she imagines. She openly admits during a dejected voicemail to her mother that she doesn't really know what she's doing, or how to make her plan to reform sinners work in practice. Despite being sweet and lacking in 'smarts', this doesn't make Charlie an idiot or stupid. When people insult her or openly mock her ideals and plans, she doesn't hesitate to defend herself, or even roll up her sleeves to fight back physically.  She also doesn't hesitate to let loose a few swear words.

Charlie also demonstrates some basis in her idealism, understanding that not all demons can be redeemed, or even be changed for the better. She displays sensible hesitation when faced with an ambiguous deal from Alastor, the notorious Radio Demon, refusing his handshake and using her status to make demands of him (albeit somewhat timidly).

Abilities:
Demon Transformation - Charlie can take on a more fearsome and powerful demonic form.

Flight - According to Faustisse, both Charlie and her father have the ability to summon wings and are capable of flight.

Pyrokinesis - Charlie is able to summon fire at will, in any form. The pyrotechnics shown during "I'm Always Chasing Rainbows" were summoned from the palm of her hand. She can later be seen using it again (albeit off-screen) to set Tom Trench on fire during their fight at 666 News.

Demon Magic - Being the daughter of Lucifer, Charlie can access powerful magic exclusive to high-ranking demons.

Multilingualism - Charlie speaks fluent English and is also said to be able to speak fluently the demonic languages she grew up learning.

Hand-to-Hand Combat - As demonstrated in the pilot of Hazbin Hotel, Charlie is able to hold her own when fighting hand-to-hand. She did not hesitate to engage in a round of fistfights with the antagonistic news anchor, Katie Killjoy.

Musical Talent - Charlie is considered to be a very talented singer, even outside of the show's non-diegetic musical numbers. She can also play the piano.

Dancing - In addition to her musical abilities, Charlie is also a skilled dancer and is a quick learner, as shown in "Alastor's Reprise", where she dances perfectly in sync with Alastor's steps. Charlie's personal dance style is tap dancing. It is something she can do very well.