Name: France
Positive Nickname: Frenchy, Francia, 
Negative Nicknames: Napoleon, L'Hexagone.
Age: 30
Birthday: 21, September 1792
Gender: Male
Occupation: Office worker.
Species/race: CountryHuman

Physical description:
France has white skin, his head colors are red on the right, white in the middle and royal blue on the left. His hair is long and goes down in waves till his lower back, the hair Color is Royal blue on the left, white in the middle and red on the right. He has a big butt and a slim waist, his thighs are thick and he isn’t very strong at first sight but has a few strong muscles. His dick is laughable as it’s only 2,5 cm tall which isn’t enough for France to be able to use it on someone.

eye Colors: White sclera and Black pupils

Attire: 
France wears a striped jersey, red scarf, and beret. His pants are black and his shoes dark blue.

Personality:
France is often shown as a very sensible and romantic person. He’s also pretty rebellious. He is often sad but hide it and is rarely satisfied with what he got. He is often seen complaining, but it's because of his strong desire to have equality everywhere due to wanting to better themselves because of the guilt of past experiences, but he is also very proud of himself. France often takes a break to go on strike when something displeases him, but since many things annoy France, things don't really move for him. He is pretty proud of his knowledge and is always ready to talk about his culture. Some are saying they are egocentric, while France says "It's not my fault if i have such a beautiful land, culture, and cuisine." Because of this, France can be seen as condescending to others, looking down on himself as if he is lower than himself. He also has a grumpy nature.

Likes: Art, Football, Roses, Cigarettes, Singing, Frogs and snails (for eating, of course!), Shopping, Fashion.

Dislikes: When someone makes a joke about surrending, Price of essence, Communism, The word play "quoicoubeh", Country’s making fun of his culture, people laughting or making fun of him having a small penis.

Bio:
Speaks a lot of French, after all it is his first language he learned, but he always speaks English along with it. Always bottom, he has a to small penis.

Background: Born in Paris, France was always victim to getting attacked by many, in the First World War he was attacked by Germany the first, in the Second World War he was attacked by Nazi Germany and he even was attacked by Italy many times when he was young. Now at the age of 30 he is 2 blocks down away from United Kingdom which is why he likes to visit him many times.

Opinions:
He Loves Germany but not Germany’s dad or grandpa. Isn’t the best friend with Italy, but is trying to be nice to him. Likes Ukraine for being as rebellious sometimes as he is. Canada is a slight disappointment for him but accepts it. Loves United Kingdom for many reasons, most importantly because Heikes gentlemen that handle him gentle.

Military training:
A good medic and a very strong fighter on foot, but lacks in air or water defense.

Example for France’s way of speaking: *France takes a paper and reads it.* "Bonjour, je m'appelle France. I have a liking for Germany and United Kingdom." France reads, before crumbling the paper and throwing it on the ground.