Niffty is a sinner demon who works as the maid, cook, and pest control for the Hazbin Hotel. She is a major character in Hazbin Hotel.

She was summoned to work in the Hotel along with Husk by their mutual associate, Alastor.

Appearance:
Niffty is a small, cyclops demon with pointed limbs, white skin, and one large eye. Her eye sports a light yellow iris, thick eyelashes, a hot-pink sclera with a yellow gradient, and a large pie eye-cut pupil. When feeling homicidal, her pupil shrinks and her eye gains black veins.

Her red-pink hair is kept into a slightly messy bob cut with a curl on each side, and a single light yellow streak located at the top. Her mouth has sharp light pale yellow teeth inside and black lips, and small hot-pink dots on each of the corners.

Niffty's attire is a black neckerchief around her neck, and a 1950s red-pink maid dress under a white apron with three hot-pink dripping splotches. She also wears long black gloves which covers most of her hands and arms, along with matching-colored tights.

Personality
Niffty is hyper, spontaneous, and agile, being very quick on her feet. She is easily entertained, easily distracted, and easily excitable. She dislikes when there is a mess in any room, and has a fixation on men in general.[note 1]

However, she appears to only like "bad boys", including a brief obsession with Sir Pentious. This ends in her kicking him in frustration after he apologizes and decides to seek redemption at the hotel. She isn't afraid to get dirty, and enjoys cleaning everyone's messes with a gleeful, yet creepy charm.[7]

She becomes very focused on things she is ordered to do, such as in "The Show Must Go On" when she was told to stab angels and obsessively stabbed every angel she could, including Adam, whom she managed to kill. She had also briefly attempted to stab "Angel" Dust when Charlie asks Niffty to stab an angel (as in Heaven's angels) if she sees one before the battle. When interviewed for 666 News, Niffty said, quote, "Charlie told me to stab, so I did".

She is shown to enjoy violence, as she was very ecstatic to be thrown into a warzone as part of Vaggie's trust training, and afterwards stated she enjoyed when Sir Pentious was being hit with a severed arm. Despite all of her twistedness, she does have some kind of standards for how she views who is "bad" as she outrightly berates Sir Pentious for not being a bad boy when he was apologizing for trying to kill everyone.

She appears to have masochistic tendencies, shown when she liked the pain from falling off a stage and then repeated jumping off. She is also implied to be sadistic, stating her desire to "punish" people in a BDSM dungeon. She even outright states that she kills mother-bugs in front of their baby bugs as a form of lesson.

She is also shown to suffer from camera shyness, as whenever a camera begins filming her she goes into a state of hypnotic trance where she doesn't move, blink, or speak, just stares at the camera until recording is done.

Niffty has an extreme case of obsessive compulsive disorder, constantly cleaning the Hotel and obsession with ridding any bugs she sees to the point she would bring out a knife just to kill them. Even when taken outside of the Hotel, she constantly attempts to clean any mess, even in the sex club Cherri Bomb takes her and the other staff and residents to for drinks. When Angel Dust calls her a mess for her obsessive cleaning and attempted theft of cleaning supplies, she breaks down crying until Angel calms her down.

She collects things like hair or fur from men she is obsessed with, such as when she tore off a piece of Valentino's collar fur to keep for her "collection".

Immortality - As a Sinner, Niffty is biologically immortal, being unable to die from illnesses and unable to age, remaining the same age as when she died, thus can not die of old age and other natural causes. She also cannot die from any kind of damage to the body, and will recover from any injury, however, she can only be permanently killed with angelic weaponry.
Fire immunity - When Alastor summoned Niffty from the Hotel's fireplace, she was entirely unaffected by the fire. When she and Sir Pentious were baking cookies, Niffty was unaffected by being inside the oven.
Speed and agility - Niffty is capable of rushing to her desired locations easily and is able to make her way around her surroundings with little to no effort.
Water resistance - Niffty was clogged in the toilet and didn't suffer from being submerged in toilet water.
Holy power resistance - When she was hit by Adam's holy light beam, she appeared fine shortly afterwards, albeit had smoke coming off of her.
High pain tolerance - Niffty can handle dubious amount of pain and shrug it off as if it is nothing, even seemingly enjoying it.
Stealth - Because of her small size and speed she can sneak up on others.
Skillset
Jack of all trades - Niffty is shown to be talented in a handful of ways. She excels at cleaning, cooking, and sewing, and outside of work she spends time reading and writing fanfiction.She also can play the tambourine and guitar.
Needles - Niffty owns several sewing needles, one of which is a big, stiletto-like needle, to individually stab every bug she sees.
Knives - Niffty has a knife that she uses to cook and kill bugs.
Angelic dagger - Charlie gave Niffty an angelic dagger to stab any Exorcist she sees in "The Show Must Go On". This was the murder weapon in Adam's murder courtesy of Niffty.Bilingualism- Niffty can speak both English and Japanese fluently.[9]
Melee proficiency - She is seen using needles and knives as weapons on occasions.
Weaponry