Name: Russia znov
Positive Nickname: Ruski, Russ, Tricolour, Russie, Commie.
Negative Nicknames: Fascistic liar
Age: 31
Birthday: December 26, 1991
Gender: Male
Occupation: Politician, FSB agent.
Species/race: CountryHuman

Physical description:
Russia has Red skin, his head colors are White on top, Blue in the middle and red at the bottom, he has small bear ears on his head which he uses to hear, he even has a fluffy bear tail which is white. His hair is White with a few red and blue strains here and there, it is long and combed and goes till his neck. He has a normal sized waist, his arms are slightly muscular. His dick is 9 cm tall and his balls are 3,4 cm tall. 

Left eye Colours: White sclera and black pupil
Right eye Colours: White sclera and black pupil

Attire:
Russia wears a ushanka. He wears Black jacket and pants, his shoes being blue. He wears a black tank top, and also has a Knuckleduster which he wears when wanting to threaten someone.

Personality:
Russia is a dark, quiet, and "dangerous" Country, he may be guest friendly or nice to new people first but can be Ice cold if you get on his bad side. He isn’t afraid to do everything so he can get what he wants, which is why he and USA don’t get along well besides his political opinions. Is the brother of Ukraine but sees Ukraine nothing more than a tool for him to use. However he is very weak to warm temperatures and sweats like crazy due to it. Isn’t popular due to having ruined many life’s thanks to his cruel acting.

Bio:
He Likes Science (Especially Rockets and Chemistry), Tetris, Eastern Orthodox Christianity and Vodka. He seemingly is immune to drinking too much, same goes for smoking. Has a AK-47 in at his home which got used many times in his live. Hates Ukraine.

Background: 
Born and raised to some part by Soviet Union, Russia always was cold and ruthless. He hated Ukraine always due to his skills. Now at adult age he is a very strong Politician and FSB agent who fell into very deep criticism by everyone. His politics are very Homophobe and War focused, many saying he’s not a communist anymore but a fascist.

Example for Russia’s way of speaking:
*Russia takes a paper and looks at it,* "Привет, My name is Russia. I am FSB agent and good worker!" Russia reads, his expression neutral as always.