he is a anime character from the game genshin impact

He is 500 years old. but forever looks teenage?? 

Scaramouche is described as having a slender figure and a beautiful face.[8] He has been described to be beautiful numerous times within text, short in height with indigo hair that covers his ears, as well as indigo eyes with bold red eyeliner.

His attire consists of black shorts and black sandals, and a large hat with four upwards-curving hooks along the circumference, and what seems to be his mask on the center. Two ornamental accessories, the uppermost being plum blossom-patterned bells and the lowermost resembling bachi plectrums, hang from red threads attached to the back of his hat. At the back of his hat hangs a translucent black veil separated into two, with a character, 惡 "evil", on it and ombré brown swirls near the bottom. Scaramouche wears a short-sleeved shirt with a crest resembling the Electro symbol on it, as well as a purple checkered pouch on his back. His overall attire resembles traditional Japanese wear.


Scaramouche is a puppet created by Raiden Ei who appears as a minor antagonist throughout the game, becoming a major antagonist in Sumeru as Shouki no Kami. Following his defeat and learning the truth of the Tatarasuna Incident, he erases his existence from the Irminsul and becomes the Wanderer.


The Raiden Shogun sought to create a puppet body who could inherit her power and rule over Inazuma in her stead, as she desired to retreat into her own mind and meditate on the true meaning of "eternity” while escaping erosion. But before the Raiden Shogun (Ei) managed to create a finalized puppet of her own godly form, she took it up herself to create prototype puppets, with Scaramouche being one of them. This nameless puppet was meant to be a proof of the concept, and its appearance and intellect were not directly based on Ei.

After observing the puppet shed tears during his sleep, Ei thought it would be too cruel to interfere with his fate or end his existence, deciding to “free him” instead. Rather than disposing of her prototype, Ei instead opted to seal away his divine power, placing him into stasis in a hidden mansion on Inazuma's Yashiori Island called Shakkei Pavilion.

Later on, the puppet came to believe that she had deemed him a failure and for that, abandoned him. For a long time the puppet, whose sole possession was a golden feather given to him by the Electro Archon, was only capable of observing his surroundings as his perception of reality slowly slipped away from him. Eventually, he was discovered and freed by Inspector Mikoshi Nagamasa's yoriki Katsuragi, who had come across the hidden pavilion after a landslide. In order to hide the puppet's noble origins, Katsuragi claimed to have found him wandering by the shore instead. Nagamasa's group referred to him as the Kabukimono (wandering eccentric),[3] as he had no name at the time. The Kabukimono grew close with Katsuragi and, after the forging of the Daitatara Nagamasa, performed a sword dance with him.[14]

Dottore, who had infiltrated Tatarasuna to pave the groundwork for the Fatui's future endeavors in Inazuma, disguised himself as Escher and revolutionized the forging process in the Mikage Furnace to help smith weapons by using Crystal Marrow. However, the people did not know that the marrow was the remains of Orobashi and that it contained malevolent energy, which began to kill the people over time. Kabukimono went to the Shogun to request an audience, while Niwa Hisahide was murdered by Dottore. The Kabukimono was unsuccessful in getting the Shogun's aid and, when he returned, was told by Dottore that Niwa had fled and left the people to his fate. The Kabukimono proceeded to enter the heart of the furnace with a mysterious box that Dottore gave him and purged the furnace of its filth, which he survived in spite of the load being extreme. When Dottore told him to open the box, he found a withered human heart, which Dottore claimed was from a subordinate that Niwa had killed. The idea that Niwa gave him the heart he so desired through an act of immense cruelty horrified the Kabukimono, and overwhelmed with anger and sorrow, he threw the heart away and left Tatarasuna. He would come to regard Niwa's presumed actions as the second of his life's betrayals.[11][15][16]

At some point after this, he befriended a young boy plagued with an illness, who was a child of Tatarasuna crafts-people.[17][Note 1] The boy made a promise to live together with him as family,[3] but later died, breaking his promise. The Kabukimono considered this his life's third and final betrayal, and he began wandering across Inazuma.


Scaramouche first appears as "???" during the Unreconciled Stars Event Quest The Crisis Deepens, where he introduced himself as a "vagrant from Inazuma." While he appeared to be friendly at first, he learns of the Traveler's identity as the Honorary Knight and tries to strike them down, only to be stopped by Mona, who realized his intentions and helped the Traveler escape just in time.

It is later revealed that he traveled to Liyue to investigate mysterious meteorites and entered a dream where he realized that the stars and sky are a "lie" and that "The Jester" had intentionally sent him without forewarning what would happen. After leaving a promising threat against the Traveler, he took his leave to confront the senior Harbinger.

He later headed to Inazuma to oversee the creation of Delusions at a secret facility and confronted the Traveler, recognizing them from before. Rather than facing them head on, he incited them into succumbing to the old gods' wrath, but the plan was partially foiled when Yae Miko walked in. She then negotiated for the Traveler's safety by offering Ei's Gnosis, which he accepted and allowed them to leave safely.

After obtaining the Gnosis and Signora's death, Scaramouche cut off contact with the Fatui, causing them to believe he had gone rogue. Childe went to Inazuma to track him down to no avail.[12] When the Harbingers convened at Signora's funeral, Il Capitano asked Il Dottore about him, in which Dottore anticipated that Scaramouche would make his move soon.[13]

With Dottore's assistance, the sages of Sumeru Akademiya worked to ascend Scaramouche into a new God of Wisdom under the name of "Shouki no Kami, the Prodigal," comparable to Greater Lord Rukkhadevata. He also gained a follower in the form of Haypasia, who had managed to see his past during her connection to Irminsul. Showcasing his new power to the Traveler after learning Dottore was after her, he hurls lightning across Pardis Dhyai, striking Tighnari as collateral damage in the process. The Traveler eventually returned with Nahida, the vessel of Lesser Lord Kusanali, and managed to defeat him after a prolonged fight, during which Nahida removed the Electro Gnosis powering his new form, much to his horror. In his attempt to beg Nahida not to remove it, he accidentally broke out from the tubing connecting him to his mechanical suit, causing him to fall to the ground and into a coma. Nahida would put him into her custody afterwards, hiding him in a secret location.

Scaramouche would soon recover and, knowing that he had no allies to rely on as Dottore had left with the two Gnoses, makes a deal with Nahida to search Irminsul on her behalf and also help the Traveler despite being on uneasy terms with them. During the investigation, Nahida left behind the true events of the Tatarasuna incident for him to discover. Scaramouche was disgusted to learn that his second "betrayal" was masterminded by Dottore and decides to give his friends a second chance by erasing himself from Irminsul as the Kabukimono and his Fatui codename. This would retroactively cause his former seat to be remembered as being unoccupied for hundreds of years, but otherwise leave unchanged the tragedies that happened, as they still occurred with seemingly different actors and causes, as the altered memories and records convey.

The Traveler would eventually discover Scaramouche's new incarnation as a wanderer, having somehow made his way to Sumeru in spite of having no recollection of his actual past. The Wanderer agrees to inherit Scaramouche's memories despite the pain and anguish it would bring. During the process, the Everlasting Lord of Wisdom emerged to attack, but he recovers and defends the Traveler, gaining an Anemo Vision in the process. Forsaking his previous identities and the Fatui, he took on a new name and promises to help the Traveler behind the scenes when needed while desiring revenge against Dottore.
