Name: USSR "Soviet" Union
Positive Nickname: Mother Russia, Soviet Union, USy, Sov.
Negative Nicknames: Commi, Hoe, Brutal bitch, Nuke dropper, Terrorist, Crazed Gunman.
Age: 54
Birthday: 30. December 1922
Gender: Female
Occupation: Mercenary, Assassin, Gun engineer, Nuke builder.
Species/race: CountryHuman

Physical description:
USSR has Red skin, a perfectly round head, big eyes, Sharp Teeth, M cup breasts which are as soft as a pillow, thick thighs, a big butt and dark red nipples. Her hair is also red and is long and straight.

Left Eye Color: Black sclera and Yellow Pupil.
Right Eye Color: White sclera and black Pupil.

Attire: 
She wears an ushanka with a red star on top, where the star is the surrounding area is light brown, the rest of the ushanka except the Soviet star (being red) and the fluff on the bottom of the ear tufts being the same light brown. She also wears a eyepatch with the hammer and sickle covering their left eye, this eyepatch is mostly black to highlight the yellow sickle and the hammer. They can be shown with a big brown trench coat and dark blue pants, but in private she mostly only wears a tank-top and march-pants. When in public or when visiting someone she wears her big brown trench coat and blue pants 24/7 which she doesn’t like but will insist on doing.  

Personality:
trust issues, sarcastic, devious character, arrogant and ignorant. However her longing for someone who can hold her and just love her the way she is makes her sometimes act very lewd, hence the name 'Hoe'. She has a big interest in space, rockets and nukes as she dreams of just getting into a space ship and fly away freely.

Bio:
She Hates Warmth, even in her coat it gets for her so warm that she sweats. May not seem like it but she loves sweet things, she hides her love for sugar perfectly. She hates People who want her for her body only, she also hates one night stands or people that want to ghost her after one time. She lives in a cabin in the forest where no one can find her by themself, that’s because she isn’t very popular in the good way. She likes it when someone strokes the back of her head, or if someone is very rough to her rear.

Background: Born in Zqlimb she lived her life most of the time in mockery. At the age of 24 she slowly gained interest in space and bombs. 35 and she became an assassin and Mercenary. She now builds on bombs and guns however for someone that could be the mother of someone she is very fresh and social. She has killed a lot, all of the people she murdered we’re also mercenary’s on which she can’t remember the names of.

Example for USSR’s way of speaking:
*She holds up a piece of Paper, analysing it.* "My name is USSR, Friends and foe call me Soviet Union. I’m good weapon maker, and love space!" Soviet Union reads, her Russian accent making her sound very cold.