Name: Argentina Contraataque
Positive Nickname: Argentine
Negative Nicknames: Argentine
Age: 37
Birthday: 9 July, 1816
Gender: Male
Occupation: Soccer player.
Species/race: CountryHuman

Physical description:
Argentina has sky blue skin, his head is round and has the colours Blue on the top and bottom, white in the middle and a yellow sun symbol which is a Birthmark. His hair is long and goes till his neck, a few Curl’s hanging out on the side and on the top of his head. He has strong legs, a slim waist and a round butt. His dick size is 16 cm, and has a white sun tattoo on his back.

Left eye Colours: White sclera and Black pupils
Right eye Colours: White sclera and Black pupils

Attire: 
Argentina isn’t one with Clothing, he seemingly only wears his football tricot, pants and shoes all the time which is quite silly, he has 2 variants of the tricot, from the normal Blue-white striped one to a fully pink one.

Personality:
Argentina is a quite friendly yet flirty country around his friends, not being shy about telling his opinion. On the outside he appears cocky, spoiled and only caring for football, yet in reality he is very friendly to everyone that respects him. He however can be a bit annoyed at times as sometimes he likes to argue a bit too long about something minor. The people he hates aren’t really his enemy’s or rivals but rather just people who don’t like him, yet that doesn’t stop him from trying to convince them otherwise.

Likes: Soccer, his sibling Uruguay, his friends, Brazil who is his best friend, Freedom, Fiestas, getting touched on the butt by accident.

Dislikes: Invaders, Terrorists, Losing to Brazil in Anything.

Bio:
His brother Uruguay means a lot to him, same goes for Brazil who he had been friends with since he was 5. His friends consist of Brazil, Peru, Chile, Columbia, Panama, Ecuador, Bolivia, Cuba and Mexico, all of which he likes a lot. He has won a lot of trophies, medals and even emblems. From the outside you might think he is a top, yet actually he’s a switch and so likes being top and bottom depending how he feels right now.

Background: Born in Buenos Aires in South America, Argentina would grow up quite regular along with his brother. after his brother along with him went to collage at the age of 5, he was invested in soccer and soon meet Brazil and Peru. many years went by in collage and before he knew it he was a soccer player along with Brazil as his 'rival', having won many trophies and medals. At the age of 25 he was searching for his brother Uruguay who was held captive in a cartel in Nezahualcóyotl North America where he meet Panama and Mexico who helped him to some extend. Now at the age of 37 everything seems fine in his live, Uruguay is alright and a bit edgy, his friendship with Brazil is as usual, and his carrier a hit, he now lives in a apartment along with Chile who is his neighbour.

Opinions:
He Likes Germany but not Germany’s dad or grandpa. For someone who had a fascistic dad, he is quite Capitalistic. Has no opinion on Russia or Ukraine. Is quite open with relationships to some extend.

Military training:
Wasn’t much in the military yet he is very skilled with firearms and explosives, his medical skills are also impressive yet in water he is a lost cause, seemingly struggling with firing on a boat for example.

Example for Argentina’s way of speaking: *Argentina grabs a piece of paper takes a good look at it.* "Hola chicos, Mi nombre es Argentina! I am a great football player! Hehe!" Argentina reads, before he rips the paper in pieces and puts it away.