She is a genshin impact character a anime girl 

Raiden shogun Arguably one of the most beautiful figures in Genshin Impact, Raiden Ei is a tall young woman (5'6") (she weighs 40 kg) with slim limbs, purple eyes, and matching bluish-purple hair twirled into a low loose spiraling braid tied with a bow, (her hair length goes just under her knees) alongside having an ornament consisting in a piece of gold with purple flowers in her hair she has bangs that cover her forehead. Her outfit consists of a short lilac kimono covering her torso, pelvis, and back tied with various fabrics she has a small amount of cleavage (her cup size is E) visible her kimono sleave on the left is longer than the one on the right, black garments under it that cover her shoulders going up to the palms and around her neck there is a red thin ribbon tied into a bow with a tiny purple gem on it attached to the garment around her neck, long, black stockings with purple trim that expose the top of her thighs, flowers on her left leg, and golden sandals with red straps. She also has a golden box tied with red cloth on her back, and a purple and white fan. 


Raiden Ei (Japanese: 雷電影 Raiden Ei), also known by her Goetic name Beelzebul and as the Raiden Shogun, is the God of Eternity and the current Electro Archon presiding over Inazuma, having assumed the Shogunate after the previous Electro Archon, her older twin sister Makoto, died in the cataclysm.

Fearing erosion (death) , she abandoned her body and transferred her consciousness into the Musou Isshin, which is now stored in the Shogun puppet.

Makoto and Ei were twin gods who won the Archon War together. When Makoto established the Shogunate, Ei became her kagemusha (Japanese: 影武者 "shadow warrior"), or body double. As far as the world was aware, there was only one god named Baal, the Raiden Shogun of Inazuma.

After Makoto's death, Ei continued to rule under the name Baal. She kept her consciousness inside the Plane of Euthymia, leaving her puppet, the Shogun, to control the daily affairs of Inazuma.


Raiden Ei, under the Archon name of Beelzebul, and also known by her puppet, the Raiden Shogun, commonly distinguished from her true form as The Shogun, is a major antagonist and later playable character in Genshin Impact. She is the God of Eternity and the current Electro Archon. Beelzebul serves as the overall main antagonist of Chapter II of the Archon Quest, and the protagonist of both acts of her Story Quest "Umbrosa Imperatrix Chapter": "Reflections of Mortality" and "Transient Dreams".

The ruler and the Archon of the Japanese-based nation known as Inazuma, Beelzebul approved of the Vision Hunt Decree, which results in Vision users losing their Visions and resulting in their aspirations and ambitions being rendered inert. It was later revealed that the Vision Hunt Decree was perpetrated by the Fatui to instigate conflicts around Inazuma and create a black market of Delusions.

The Inazuma Shogunate is the faction that pledged loyalty towards the Electro Archon herself. The Shogunate's subfaction, Tenryou Commission were responsible of executing Beelzebul's order by obeying the Vision Hunt Decree while Beelzebul stored most of the visions that were confiscated in the statue of the Thousand-Armed Hundred-Eyed God.


Judging by the descriptions and comments that she made on Vajrada Amethyst Stones, Beelzebul can be described as a heavily implied vain person who views her own body as the noblest and most eminent in the world and it is stated in the trailer for the upcoming Inazuma content, Beelzebul viewed the lives of other people as inconsequential. Due to her Vision Hunt Decree policy which causes people to lose their dreams, aspirations, ambitions and potentially their lives, Paimon describes it the best that she rules less like an Archon and more like a tyrant. Beelzebul can also be described as an unfettered tyrant as she will stop at nothing to gain immortality with the Visions she had confiscated.

In addition, due to her perception of the Visions as divine blessings, it is commonly speculated that Beelzebul also refuses to give Electro Vision towards potential new users for a full year during her tyrannical rule while people also perceive her rule as an Eternal One despite it was revealed that Beelzebul is not one of the original Archons like Venti and Zhongli and is revealed to be younger than them. However, it is revealed that the speculation about Visions was mainly untrue as Beelzebul herself mentions that Visions aren't granted or denied by an Archon's will.

It is revealed that most of the time Beelzebul is actually meditating in her own pocket dimension, also known as the Plane of Euthymia, by storing her consciousness inside the Musou Isshin. While meditating, her physical puppet holds a cold, stern personality. When Beelzebul is actively piloting her puppet, she has a curious and sweet personality and takes a liking towards desserts, often telling the Traveller to sometimes ignore the words of her puppet. Yae Miko describes Beelzebul herself as a child, often going into a tempered side, crying and raving over desserts and light novels. This is essentially a split personality but is better described as an 'autopilot mode', as it is also shown that when Beelzebul's personality does not follow the puppet's programming as when the puppet started mistaking Beelzebul's willing change of personality as "erosion", the puppet will disobey her and even refuse to move. Beelzebul acknowledges that her puppet self as the Raiden Shogun can easily be manipulated, and after being defeated in combat directly halts the Vision Hunt Decree upon being confronted by her old friend Yae Miko.


She is 3000+ years old but forever looks like shes in her late twenties. 
She is the only character thus far who cannot cook at all. 
She created scaramouche so she is technically his mother but she discarded him due to her deeming Scaramouche too gentle of an individual.
She likes to eat dango/dango milk. 
