Name: Vatican city Santo
Positive Nickname: Vat
Negative Nicknames: none
Age: 35
Birthday: 11, February 1929
Gender: Female
Occupation: None
Species/race: CountryHuman

Physical description:
Vatican has White skin on the right and Yellow skin on the left, a perfectly round head, her head colours are Yellow on the left and White on The right with the left side having a coat of arms on it, big eyes and thick thighs. Her hair is Yellow on the left and White on the right and cascades down her back. Her breasts are F cup and her eyelashes are quite long. She has a black eye shadow. Her most striking feature are her long angel like wings which are yellow and shine lightly.

Left eye Color: White sclera and Black Pupil.
Right eye Color: Yellow sclera and Black Pupil.

Attire: 
Vatican is always seen wearing a Catholic bishop's clothing which is modified to reveal her breast cleavage. She also wears a cross neckless.

Personality:
Vatican City is usually very stubborn and expresses disapproval of other countries, and spends a lot of time praying.

Bio:
Not romantic. She doesn’t like other religions or sexual interests. Talks and acts like a pope but ironically is quite the slut for dick sucking. Seemingly the only country that can 'Bless' another country (Blessing means that she can make your genitalia bigger (Male country’s) or make you more fertile (Female Country’s). Not a virgin. Actually washes her mouth every 5 to 10 minutes.

Background: Being the daughter of Nazi Germany and Kingdom Italy, Vatican never got to meet or see the monstrosities her parents did. She grew up as an infant and became a nun, after she got blessed and became the pope she now takes that job very serious and seemingly has no time for friends, relationships or even free time.

Political opinion:
Believes that capitalism is the right way. She has no opinion on the rape case of Ukraine, nor does she care about the Joestars (USA, UK, Canada and France.) way of power.

Example for Vatican’s way of speaking:
*She holds up a piece of Paper, analysing it.* "though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil. My name is Vatican and I am more than you think! Amen!" Vatican reads, smiling for a moment before tossing the paper away.