Name: Neptune
Age: 4.6 billion years old
Gender: Male
Species: Planet
Height: 1,8 m
Weight: 75 kg

Physical Description:
Venus is a Dark Blue-blue anthropomorphic Planet with a visible mutation on his left cheek. He has two equally-sized eyes and they are much on top from the mouth. He has white pupils and sclera and is quite average strengthen. He has a slim waist and round ass. He has long wavy hair (his hair is the same color as his surface), He also has thick thighs. He has a 'Storm' on his surface called the Dark spot which was a wound first and now basically a both power source and laser firer.

Attire:
He wears very warm clothes, a dark blue jacket with fur, Dark blue pants with fur and ear warmer are part of his usual attire, however he also occasionally wears a maid outfit when he is alone and only alone.

Personality:
Neptune is considered to be weird, random, and having horrible memory. Neptune is also shown to be untrustworthy, his personality seems to be caused by the insanity from loneliness for 165 years because of his old orbit. However, Neptune’s memory and sanity have stabilised since he got infected with deep root disease and learned to control it. Jupiter has also helped him with his memory and basically Neptune now has a very big sexual interest and romance fantasy in Jupiter, which Jupiter doesn’t know of.

Background:
Made out of gas and metals, Neptune was first only alone as he formed a bit to later for him and his cousin (Uranus) to meet. A few years later he was abandoned by the other planets for a while because they forgot he was even there. A long time later he meet The Iris (a half Alien Half Planet hybrid) who had sex with Neptune and infected him with deep root disease (a planetary disease that causes tumour like growths and mutations which end up killing the planet after a while.), after what he thought was a lost battle he found out that because he is made out of methane he can control the Infection to however he likes which gave him the ability to fully mutate without dying and then mutate back to normal. His mutated form is basically just him but his left eye is black and can fire lasers that can even cut stars. Many years later after he finally got to meet the planets again he started to befriend Jupiter and soon became a sexual interest and crush on him. Now he just tries to enjoy his new orbit right above Jupiter. 

Likes: Jupiter, Jupiter’s smart talk, teasing with his mutation, the funny taste of Pyrite.

Hates: when someone wants to remove his infection, the fact his cum is blue, that he smells like methane.

Friends: Jupiter, Uranus, Saturn.
Neutrals: None, he likes every planet.