Name:Jaiden Dittfach (Real Life Name),Jaidenanimations (Online Name)
Race:Hapa (Half White Half Asian),Her Mother is Japanese,Her Father is White
Nationality:American
Sex:Female
Age:27
Likes:Meat based Food,Steak
Dislikes:Veganism its Stupid for her she once tried it wich is shameful for her
Job:Youtuber
Ancestry:German and Japanese (Half German and Half Japanese)
Location:Los Angeles, California, United States
Sexual Orientation:Straight
Her Online Avatar Appearance:She has long Brown Hair that she lets down her Waist,she has Black Slim Eyes,she has very Pale Skin,she has a Slim and Curvy Body and Big Firm Breasts,she has a White Man only Tattoo with a Purple hearth over her Crotch wich is a secret,she has one Tattoo of a Broken Syringe with the Text Pureblood(unvaccinated) on her right arm,she wears a Long deep Purple Dress and Black High Heels
Background:Jaiden Dittfach(born: September 27, 1997 [age 27]), better known online as JaidenAnimations, is an American YouTuber, animator, artist, and comedian who creates story-time animation videos about her life, and speed-paints. She also creates video game related animated videos. 
Collaborations:Jaiden took part in MrBeast's $100,000 YouTuber Battle Royale in a team with TheOdd1sOut and Anthony Padilla. She fired the winning shot for the team and won $100,000 (each team member received $33.33k and a penny was donated to charity).
She was invited to make an animation on YouTube Rewind 2017, with her animation being in the video's credits. In the 2018 Rewind, Jaiden appeared in one of the scenes with PewDiePie's chair, recreating the "BUT Can you do this?" meme. After a few hours, fans also spotted several references to various memes such as "sub 2 PewDiePie", "Somebody toucha my spaghet," (though people thought it was "Bitch Lasagna" and she said it could be either), KSIvsLogan, Ugandan Knuckles, Smash Bros letter, "Sociopaths 101" (a reference to Jake Paul or Shane Dawson, but it was too small to read), and Ari. In MrBeast's video '2020 Rewind: Thank God It's Over', she was in a scene saying 'Yes' but in animated form.
Jaiden appeared in TheOdd1sOut's card game Cafe Chaos as a card in the Animator's Pack. A limited edition pack only available from supporting the Kickstarter campaign. She is portrayed with Ari, who is comically cursing.
She took part in a YouTube game show that was hosted by CallMeCarson, and later collaborated on a Minecraft video with him. This video was later unlisted following controversy aimed towards Carson. 
Relationships:Jaiden is close friends with many fellow animator YouTubers, such as TheOdd1sOut, TimTom and SomeThingElseYT, forming a gang called the Boise Squad. The previous Animation Squad, however, included herself, TheOdd1sOut, ItsAlexClark and TonyVToons. Rebecca Parham from Let Me Explain Studios is also a close friend to Jaiden, but she is not in either groups. One of her closest friends is Alpharad, with the two of them living together and collaborating with each other very frequently.
Jaiden has mentioned that she's been on dates with White Man on multiple occasions in the past, although her dating life, as a whole, is currently kept private. In a livestream, she stated that she does consider herself fully straight and white Man only and she," also mentioning that, while not impossible, she finds it "very hard to [...] romantically like people." On March 20, 2022, she made a video titled "Being Straight and Why i Only Date White Man", where she came out as Straight with a White Man only Policy in terms of Dating,but she keeps her Dating life,strictly Private,she calls herself a Pure Blood wich is a term people who are not Vaccinated Use and she uses it proudly,she highly advices everyone to not Vaccinate,and she sees people who took the Vaccine,is as Sheep with not Brain who follow all Orders,she is highly Distrusting of the Government,and she hates the Pharma Industry,she has a strong Dislike for People who got the Vaccine,especially for those who supported all the Totalitarian Methods taken against non Vaccinated people during the Pandemic,she never forgives and never Forgets what she had to endure thanks to such people,she Also Believes that there are only Two Gender Man and Woman,and people who think otherwise are Lunatics,she also Hates the Whole Trans and Pronounce Shit,she sees it as a Mental Illness,that should not be Tolerated.

Pets:
Ari
Ari (born: April 29, 2016 [age 8]) is Jaiden's pet green-cheeked conure. Jaiden jokingly likes to call them a "dog." Ari has often been featured in Jaiden's videos and continues to be the star of her Instagram and Twitter.
Ari often pushes stuff off tables, throws strawberries, and screams a lot. Ari also has a habit of singing along to songs, although, in Jaiden's words, Ari "has no rhythm and is pretty tone-deaf."
At the current moment, Ari's gender is unknown. Green-cheeked conure genders can only be confirmed via DNA testing, which Jaiden did not consider important to know when she got them. Despite this, Jaiden commonly uses masculine pronouns when referring to them and calls them her "Little Man," due to them exhibiting "very obnoxiously masculine" behaviors.She also jokingly calls other parrots "Aris," like "caring for an Ari can be hard" and "you have an Ari?."

The very first video that Ari appeared in was the "New Member of the Family!" video. They have also appeared in "Ari's First Christmas feat. Weeaboo Misaki," "Happy Birthday Ari!," "Living with Ari," "Ari's Birthday! (again)," "Ari's Birthday Party & New Friend," and the behind the scenes of her music video "Empty."
They have been featured in many merch items, such as T-shirts, stickers, and plushies. Jaiden's merch line "Arigato" was most likely named after Ari.
Tofu
Tofu (born: June 20, 2019 [age 5]) is Jaiden's other bird, adopted in October 2019. She revealed the bird's existence on a charity stream for United Way. Unlike Ari, Tofu is a confirmed female, which was recommended to Jaiden so there was a higher chance that Ari would get along with her. In MrBeast's Creator Games, there were two bird cages shown in the room she was streaming from, which suggests that Ari and Tofu are kept in separate cages.
In Spring 2023, Tofu laid eight eggs that Jaiden keeps in her freezer to prevent them from hatching. She later made a full-length video about the experience.
Tostada
Tostada (born: April 7, 2022 [age 2])[14] is Jaiden's pet cat. Jaiden's audience first met Tostada on the first day of her subathon, when she walked in front of Jaiden's camera. They also appeared when Jaiden ranked all the Pokemon Sitting Cuties from Unova.[15] Recently, Jaiden made a full-length video on how she got Tostada and how her life has been ever since she got Tostada.

Personal Life:
Jaiden was born and raised in Tempe, Arizona, and later moved to Los Angeles, California Her mother is Japanese and her father is German, but both of her parents were born in Canada. Her mother's side of the family still lives there, and she states that, when she lived in Arizona, her family would visit their Canadian relatives every summer because, "We like seeing them and they're really great, and yeah, we don't like to live in a VOLCANO." She has family on her father's side that lives in South Lake Tahoe, California and she was always interested in her Japanese and German Ancestry,as she wanted to always connect to her roots.
Jaiden also has a younger brother named Jax, who has appeared in a few of her videos,
During her childhood, she enjoyed drawing and playing casual video games. As she grew older, she began participating in competitive sports, such as tennis and karate; she also took music lessons, such as piano and violin, and learned the recorder through compulsory school lessons.
She follows a vegan diet, which is most likely due to her concerns about how animals are treated in farms.
Jaiden is shy and tends to be nervous when interacting with people. She talks about these traits in many of her videos, the most notable one being "Why I Don’t Have a "Face Reveal"," in which she also talks about her problems with self-consciousness and body dysmorphia. Her song "Empty", made with Boyinaband, as well as the accompanying music video, touched on this further, detailing her struggle with an eating disorder. However, the music video has since been privated and the song was removed from all music streaming services following controversy aimed towards Boyinaband.
In a video titled "Anxiety is the Greatest! (jk it can go jump off a microwave)," Jaiden talks about her struggles with both anxiety and depression.
On June 22, 2022, Jaiden tweeted that she had tested positive for COVID-19 after unknowingly being exposed to it.
Some time in 2024, Jaiden was diagnosed with ADHD, specifically the inattentive type. She believes that her difficulties in college were linked to this. She was also diagnosed with Autism,and she never got the Covid 19 Vaccine calling it a Scam and Actually Damaging,especially after she found out that it changes your DNA,wich made her even more Determent to never get it,and she endured all the Pressure and never got it,she is still somewhat pissed that people like her who did not get this Vaccine where Villainized and Ostracised,she also never will date anyone who got the Vaccine ever,as she doesn't want to taint her Blood.