Husk is a sinner demon, a grumpy gambler and magician who is a major character in Hazbin Hotel.

A former Overlord of Hell who lost his soul to Alastor in a gamble, he and Niffty have been summoned by him to help work at the Hazbin Hotel, with Husk being its front desk clerk and bartender.

Appearance
Husk is an anthropomorphic avian cat demon. His look is evocative of a magician, paired with a casino referencing playing card theme. The sclera of his eyes are black, with light yellow irises and slit pupils. He has large and lengthy, red feather-like eyebrows with black vertical stripes near the tips, and a small black heart above each eyebrow.

His fur is a dark taupe, overlayed with white on his face, torso, feet, and upper arms. The insides of his ears are white with a red tip at the point and red heart in the center. A black tuff of fluff protrudes from each, creating the appearance of small hearts.

He has a darker shade of his fur encircling his ankles, mimicking cuffs on a set of pants. His tail is long and dark taupe-colored, ending with a large spray of plume-like feathers which are a vivid-red with black and white stripes. He has heart-shaped, light yellow paw-pads underneath the paws on his hands and feet.

His wings are large and red, with darker-taupe on the undersides. The undersides of his wings are decorated with black stripes which feature red and white roulette wheel dot markings. The outside of his wings are decorated with more black stripes, which wrap around the joints and run around a row of white roulette wheel dots.

Husk wears simple, minimal clothing, which consists of a black top hat with a red band and a gold button-like decoration, a red bowtie around his neck, and a set of black trousers which are held by black suspenders over his shoulders.

Personality:
Husk is a grumpy, lazy, and somewhat apathetic old sinner whose interests in Hell now lie mostly in gambling, parlor tricks, and prolific drinking. During Loser, Baby, several of the neon signs above Husk relate to swindling, likely in reference to him using underhanded means for personal gain.

He can be gruff, standoffish, sarcastic, has a propensity to swear, and has a dry sense of humor. Despite this, he is also surprisingly patient and able to take a lot of outlandish events in his stride, electing to just drink his problems away later.

He is very observant, having the ability to read people and understand their problems well (even when they don't themselves), which makes him quick to notice when someone isn't being genuine with him, something he doesn't enjoy. He values authenticity and seems to understand himself and his own issues well too, openly accepting that his reliance on alcohol and gambling hasn't helped him feel better.

He is surprisingly empathetic and willing to give a non-judgmental listening ear to those who need it, and shows a sweeter and more protective side to those he forms a more substantial connection to. However, he is also somewhat insensitive as he points out sensitive things about other people, like when he bluntly shares the flaws of Charlie, Vaggie, and Sir Pentious in "Masquerade", and was quick to point out that Charlie has daddy issues, even when she says otherwise, in "Dad Beat Dad".

Still a "husk" of his former self, he claims to have "lost the ability to love" long ago, though whether literally or metaphorically is yet unclear. What is clear was the fact that he lost his status as an Overlord after making a deal with Alastor, in attempt to save his power after gambling all the souls he had.