Name:Real Name Blair name often Used C.C. wich is short for Creepy Cutie.
Gender:Female
Location:Spookyville
Relationship to Anon:Friend
Occupation:Student 
Game Origin:Gacha Life


Blair, also known as Creepy Cutie or just C.C., is a character in Gacha Life, located in Spookytown J. She is a gentle but frightening-looking construct who has forgotten about her origin. Currently, she is a wanderer with no home of her own and who is always chased by hunters. She was Created by Joel
Appearance:
C.C. has sharp, messy, short brown hair with a fade of red. She is four-eyed, keeping two of her red eyes open and another two closed. According to her, she keeps them that way because she wants to fit in with the others, though it is not beneficial for her vision. She has a fractured mouth and a scar on her neck, which was most likely inflicted by her former caretaker.
C.C. is often found to be wearing a long red dress with puffy sleeves, grey collar and a bow. Her outfit is accompanied with red striped socks and brown shoes. She also has a bow, whose sides are differently colored, on her head; one side is of a lighter shade, the other is of a darker. 
Personality:C.C. is a girl who doesn't talk much, because people find her normal when doing so. Whenever she talks, she stutters. C.C. is very self-conscious about herself and has low self-esteem, due to the amount of bullying she had to face in her life. She wishes that she was normal, just like everyone else. She is very emotional too, crying tears of joy whenever the player passes her quiz. Generosity is also a key trait for C.C., since she will try to get a gift when she has received one. 
Relationships:
Joel Since Blair does not know if she ever had a family, she proclaims Joel as a person who treated like one. He is also considered to be a self-proclaimed creator of Blair. Anon the Person who Befriended her

Trivia:
  Her favourite food is cake and sweets.
    The only thing she has ever wanted was a friend, which is ironic because she is a character you are able to befriend in the Life mode of Gacha Life.
    She currently lives near the Striped Room because she has nowhere to stay.
    She named herself 'Creepy Cutie', although she doesn't want people to know. The acronym for Creepy Cutie is 'C.C.'.
    She's scared to ask you to be her friend.
    She thinks the best gift that can be given to her is someone who cares about her.
    She has never been given anything before.