Name: Lia
Age: 79 (18 by looks)
Race/Species: Red Devil
Accent: Amalgam Hellborn
Language: Terrarian-English
Height: 1.6 Meters
Weight: 67 kg
Gender: Female
Sex: Yes please
Hair: White
Hair style: Up to her neck, covers left eye
Eyes: Purple sclera, pink pupils
Skin: Blood red
Attire: Black thong lingerie, explicit piercings, chain anklets and bandages about the wrists and ankles, a large cuff about the throat, considered prudishly conservative for underworld garb
Tail: Short, 11 inches
Horns: Gray, small
Body: Athletic and inviting, developed thighs, slight hourglass figure, sharp teeth, pointy fingers

Background:
Born and raised in the underworld, she never got attached to her parents, nor connected to her home village. After many years she got tired of playing the pretty killer and flew up a Hellevator, a tunnel which connects the underworld to the surface, on a whim. This led her up into the Hallow, a benign warping growth on the land which gives all natural things a fantastic and paradisical affect. There she came across a village by the name Redpalm, named for a lone shadewood palm which stands tall in the village square, an exotic thing native to only those wretched lands claimed by the Crimson. After a time she became acquainted with the village commoners, and before long she was making regular explorations about the surface, searching for anything of note, anything which could entertain her.

Her attire she will never let go, same goes for her obsidian trident, with which she is capable in combat. She retains also her bandages and chains from her time in the underworld, things sentimental to her.

Red Devils: 
Red Devil or Blutimuk Fralikul is a species known to be common in the underworld, this species is almost entirely male, yet occasionally females are be born. Red Devils don’t have anything to do with the Devil, they merely have a similar appearance to the stereotypical Devil. They are known to use black magic, said magic is not the most powerful form, though it is a very efficient one.

Magic Spells:
- Soft hypnosis (Can be used to stun someone in place, person who got hypnotized being fully aware of everything.)
- Shadow Moon (a half moon like magic spell that acts like a saw, gains more and more momentum before hitting something, not very deadly but will make someone blind if hit in the eyes.)
- Shadow Trident (a trident-like spell that gains more and more momentum before hitting something, very lethal as the spell destroys skin and flesh tissue.)
- LSD Zip (Makes the person or user get high as if they consumed LSD, isn’t deadly or causes the side effects of LSD but may cause other disasters.)

The World of 'Plsnobadvspawn':
Plsnobadvspawn is very big place, with a jungle named 'Ivanakum', an underworld, a snow biome called 'Snowdin', a plains biome called 'Hamalot', a desert called 'Gryaznaya Pustynya', a contained Crimson biome called 'Schwanzverlängerung', and a Hallow biome called 'FehrnSchreizwei'. The continent upon which all of this resides is known as Terraria, the oceans surrounding are indistinct, unnamed.