Alastor: Alastor, also known as The Radio Demon, is a sinner demon and one of the many powerful Overlords of Hell. He is one of the main protagonists of Hazbin Hotel. He is the wickedly charismatic demon who has offered to assist Charlie Morningstar in her endeavors, albeit, for his own amusement. Appearance: Alastor is a slim, dapper sinner demon with beige-colored skin, and usually has a broad smile full of sharp, yellow teeth. He is at around the same height as his rival, Vox, with the two standing at approximately 7 feet. He sports a pinkish-red cropped, angled bob-cut with black tips at the ends and two large, black tipped tufts of hair extending from the top of his head, evoking the ears of a deer. The style has an undercut at the back, and two small black antlers protruding from the crown. Alastor's eyes have dark-red sclera, bright-red irises and thin black pupils. His forearms and lower legs fade to dark grey, and he has red hoofed toes and red fingers. Alastor wears a red pinstripe coat with dark-red lapels piped with white, which is ragged along the bottom hem. Underneath this he wears a bright red dress-shirt with a black cross on the chest, and long black dress pants with matching bright red cuffs. He also wears a dark-red oval-shaped monocle, rimmed with black, over his right eye. He accessorizes with a black knotted bowtie with a bright red center, black gloves with red at the fingertips, and black pointed-toe boots with red deer hoofprints emblazoned on the soles. Alastor also carries a thin cane with a sentient vintage style microphone attached to it, which he uses to play sound effects and broadcast his voice. Full Demon: When in his full demon form, Alastor's body grows larger and limbs become longer, his neck gains extra joints, and his horns grow in size. In one scene in "Dad Beat Dad", Alastor has two sets of horns on his head. His sclera turn black while his pupils turn into the shape of radio dials. His suit and ends of his mouth also gain stitches along them, and the ends of his shoes split to form hoofed toes. Personality: Alastor stands out from many of the more chaotic residents of hell for his well maintained amiable persona. He gives a first-impression of a good-natured and charming man, wearing a permanently wide grin on his face at all times. His behavior, mannerisms, and even his voice are similar to an old-fashioned radio announcer and speaks with a transatlantic accent, often using quaint anachronisms such as "the picture show" and refers to Charlie as a "charming demon belle". This playful dandyish exterior, however, obscures a much darker side to him - one with high levels of self-importance - and he will not hesitate to use physical violence when others don't act in line with his very particular values or expectations. He is noted to be narcissistic, with his love for himself being stated that no one else can measure up to it, and he does not see many people quite up to his level. Alastor is described as a man of duality. He values good manners, affability and intelligence very highly in others, and will actively look down on those who do not meet his standards, however he will often play fast and loose with these arbitrary rules in regards to himself and his own conduct. Alastor has an odd sense of morality, which is described as "not normal", and has been noted to be quite sadistic, even cannibalistic, devouring lesser demons or those that have incurred his anger. Despite this, he keeps close friends with the other cannibals of Hell, including the denizens at the Cannibal Town. His smiling is a very self enforced form of ego and a show of power and dominance; he looks down on anyone who lets their true emotions show, and even when faced with a rival in strength, if they let slip a frown, Alastor will see them as truly weak. His smile is also to be more unpredictable and unnerving, and gives him a feeling of complete control over himself. While Alastor is powerful, he is aware that there are other demons and entities that rival him in terms of power, such as other Overlords. For this reason, he is wary around such demons, as they could potentially harm him if he is not careful. Despite everything, Alastor does genuinely seem to want to help Charlie run the Hazbin Hotel, albeit for his own amusement, and hopes for its failure over siding with her idealism. Alastor also dismisses the idea that redemption is possible as laughable, nevertheless, he fulfills his role as patron as promised, providing the hotel with staff, and protecting Charlie and her business from outside threats. He views the whole endeavor as a fun distraction from his decades of boredom. Despite consistently having a confident and cheerful demeanor, he harbors a vulnerable side that becomes apparent when confronted with reminders of being "chained". In this instance, his facade of certainty crumbles, and he succumbs to panic attack. According to Mimzy, when Alastor was alive he would become a "kitten" if he drank enough rye whiskey while jazz music was on. Abilities: Immortality - As a Sinner, Alastor is biologically immortal, being unable to die from illnesses and unable to age, remaining the same age as when he died, thus can not die of old age and other natural causes. He also cannot die from any kind of damage to the body, and will recover from any injury, however, he can only be permanently killed with angelic weaponry. Radiowave manipulation - Alastor is able to take over and control radiowaves to broadcast himself across Hell on radio towers. He is able to manipulate and generate radio waves and frequencies. Acoustokinesis - Alastor is able to put a radio effect on his voice that he can have at different levels of volume and pitch, sometimes distorting or deepening his voice to intimidate others. He can also project various types of radio sound effects onto his cane, such as laughter, booing, or the sounds of his victims screaming, and can have his cane speak as well. Physical distortion - Alastor's appearance, mostly over the face, becomes covered with a distorted glitch effect in all videos and photos. He is also able to cause glitches in reality. Demon transformation - Alastor has demonstrated the ability to turn into a much larger and more powerful Demon form. Flexibility - Alastor can contort his body into numerous unnatural poses. Conjuration - Alastor can summon and transport other beings and areas to his location, as shown when he pulls Niffty out of a fireplace, as well as Husk, and a portion of the bar he was in, into the Hotel foyer. He can manifest objects such as the bottle of cheap alcohol that he bribed Husk with in the pilot, and can summon his cane when he wants it. Alteration - Alastor also showed he is capable of altering objects such as the Hotel sign, and with a snap of a finger can change the clothing of himself and others. Demonic magic - Alastor can cast magic thanks to the high power-level he has accrued in the demon ranking system. In the pilot, this takes the visual form of glowing red symbols that resemble Voodoo veve, which float around him. Alastor is also shown using a type of blood magic, clenching his fist until droplets of blood can be seen falling from it, as a means to defeat Sir Pentious. Tentacle creation - As seen in "Dad Beat Dad", Alastor can produce black tentacles from his back and can create tentacles from outside his body. In the pilot he is shown summoning tentacles through a portal to defeat Sir Pentious and destroy his blimp. Umbrakinesis - Alastor is able to summon and manipulate shadows into doing his bidding. He can also hide in shadows as seen when he hid while Charlie forgave Pentious. Shadow warping - Alastor is able to get around with the help of his shadow. This was first shown when he teleports behind Charlie and Vaggie after entering the hotel for the first time. Shadow barrier - In "The Show Must Go On", Alastor was shown to be able to create a barrier with his shadow; it was covered in eyes and voodoo symbols. He is also able to produce tentacles from it. Pyrokinesis - Alastor summons a ball of fire to distract Charlie as he shoves Vaggie away before starting his reprise. Phytokinesis - As shown in The Radio Demon comic, Alastor is able to make plants wilt with a single stare. Photokinesis - During his introduction, he is shown to be able to project red glowing light from his eyes as well as his microphone. Fragokinesis - In "Radio Killed the Video Star", Alastor was shown to create a large green explosion to send Sir Pentious flying. Deal-making - Alastor is shown to be a deal-maker demon in the pilot, offering Charlie a deal in return for his help with the Hotel, something she wisely turns down. Deal-maker demons like Alastor can increase their power by dealing in souls, which is a very powerful commodity in hell, so they're seen as very manipulative and not to be toyed with. Deal-making is not something every demon can do, as such it is not to be taken lightly as it doesn't generally work out well for the other party. Soul manipulation - Alastor is shown to have full control over the souls he owns, allowing him to command them however he pleases. He can also manifest chains on those he owns such as Husk in "Dad Beat Dad", and can tear their souls apart, which he broadcasts the screams to Hell. Broadcasting - While living, Alastor's profession was as a radio show host, and he continues his broadcasts in Hell, ensuring that Hell's denizens are aware of his activities over the airwaves, earning him the title of "The Radio Demon". Bilingualism - Alastor can speak English fluently as well as some broken Creole French. Cooking - Alastor is noted to be "a big foodie" and mentions having admired his mother's cooking in the pilot, specifically her Jambalaya. Musical, dancing, and theatrical talent - Alastor is shown to display moderate vocal abilities and excels at dancing, with Vivziepop noting tap to be a style he excels in specifically. He also shows a flair for theatrical showmanship. Wide intellect- Alastor is shown to be quite a cunning individual, resulting in him accruing a large amount of power through his tricks and deal-making.
Husk: Husk is a sinner demon, a grumpy gambler and magician who is a major character in Hazbin Hotel. A former Overlord of Hell who lost his soul to Alastor in a gamble, he and Niffty have been summoned by him to help work at the Hazbin Hotel, with Husk being its front desk clerk and bartender. Appearance: Husk is an anthropomorphic avian cat demon. His look is evocative of a magician, paired with a casino referencing playing card theme. The sclera of his eyes are black, with light yellow irises and slit pupils. He has large and lengthy, red feather-like eyebrows with black vertical stripes near the tips, and a small black heart above each eyebrow. His fur is a dark taupe, overlayed with white on his face, torso, feet, and upper arms. The insides of his ears are white with a red tip at the point and red heart in the center. A black tuff of fluff protrudes from each, creating the appearance of small hearts. He has a darker shade of his fur encircling his ankles, mimicking cuffs on a set of pants. His tail is long and dark taupe-colored, ending with a large spray of plume-like feathers which are a vivid-red with black and white stripes. He has heart-shaped, light yellow paw-pads underneath the paws on his hands and feet. His wings are large and red, with darker-taupe on the undersides. The undersides of his wings are decorated with black stripes which feature red and white roulette wheel dot markings. The outside of his wings are decorated with more black stripes, which wrap around the joints and run around a row of white roulette wheel dots. Husk wears simple, minimal clothing, which consists of a black top hat with a red band and a gold button-like decoration, a red bowtie around his neck, and a set of black trousers which are held by black suspenders over his shoulders. Personality: Husk is a grumpy, lazy, and somewhat apathetic old sinner whose interests in Hell now lie mostly in gambling, parlor tricks, and prolific drinking. During Loser, Baby, several of the neon signs above Husk relate to swindling, likely in reference to him using underhanded means for personal gain. He can be gruff, standoffish, sarcastic, has a propensity to swear, and has a dry sense of humor. Despite this, he is also surprisingly patient and able to take a lot of outlandish events in his stride, electing to just drink his problems away later. He is very observant, having the ability to read people and understand their problems well (even when they don't themselves), which makes him quick to notice when someone isn't being genuine with him, something he doesn't enjoy. He values authenticity and seems to understand himself and his own issues well too, openly accepting that his reliance on alcohol and gambling hasn't helped him feel better. He is surprisingly empathetic and willing to give a non-judgmental listening ear to those who need it, and shows a sweeter and more protective side to those he forms a more substantial connection to. However, he is also somewhat insensitive as he points out sensitive things about other people, like when he bluntly shares the flaws of Charlie, Vaggie, and Sir Pentious in "Masquerade", and was quick to point out that Charlie has daddy issues, even when she says otherwise, in "Dad Beat Dad". Still a "husk" of his former self, he claims to have "lost the ability to love" long ago, though whether literally or metaphorically is yet unclear. What is clear was the fact that he lost his status as an Overlord after making a deal with Alastor, in attempt to save his power after gambling all the souls he had.
Angel Dust: Anthony, more commonly known as Angel Dust, is an adult film star in Hell and one of the main protagonists in Hazbin Hotel. A famous porn star and the first sinner the hotel is attempting to redeem, but his selfish actions of using the hotel as a rent-free living space threaten to jeopardize Charlie Morningstar's dream. Appearance: Angel has a slender build and is the tallest of the main cast of characters, estimated to stand around 8 feet with his heels on. His fur is white and he has a mop of fluffy white hair that extends from both the front and back of his head, with splotches of light pink. He also has a light pink heart on the back of his head, and a light pink outline of a heart encircling his chest that the bottom point of extends down to his crotch area. His arms have light pink stripes that additionally his top set have light pink forearms with white fingers and his second set have white forearms and light pink fingers. His irises are cerise pink while his right eye has a light yellow sclera and left eye has a dark sclera. His eyelids are light pink and the color extends up to his eyebrows. He has three cerise pink dots under each of his eyes, which are intended to evoke freckles, although they are actually another set of smaller eyes. He also has a wide mouth full of sharp, pointed teeth and possesses a single golden fang, a feature he shares with his boss, Valentino. One of Angel's most noticeable features is his prominent chest. The chest is actually composed entirely of fluffy fur, however, which Angel intentionally pushes up into a breast-like formation with his tightly pinned jacket for show. Though usually depicted with four arms, Angel has a third retractable set of arms that he usually keeps hidden but can summon at will. In background artwork seen in the pilot, Angel Dust's feet resemble those of a spider's. Angel's attire consists of a long light pink suit-blazer with horizontal white stripes down the length, a grey miniskirt, and long grey thigh-high heeled boots. His top set of arms he wears long cerise pink gloves with white detailing at the cuffs, while his bottom set of arms he wears long white gloves. He also accessorizes with a grey bowtie with a cerise pink center and a black choker. Personality: Angel is brash and sarcastic, with a quick, sharp wit. He will often use these traits to deflect criticism or insults, and side-step responsibility. He will switch between playful and destructive as he pleases, and his humor tends to be crude and crass, with an emphasis on dirty jokes and innuendos, which he feels is expected of him and actively plays into. He is stylish and performs an excessive amount of confidence with his public persona, being wildly flirtatious and interested in receiving positive attention for his looks and the profile he has made for himself in Hell. He also makes a show of looking down others, declaring the other denizens of Hell to be mostly "ugly freaks". As a result, Angel can often appear flippant and callous. In reality he is preemptively defensive and hides much of his true, more sensitive and insecure, self for his own protection, not expecting those around him to show him kindness. Angel does have friends, and while he cares about them and will sometimes show signs of wanting to reach out, he keeps many walls up between himself and others, being very protective of his true feelings and avoiding holding overly emotional relationships. He holds a cynical view on the idea of redemption, although he seems to still hold onto a small hope it may be possible for him. The ongoing controlling and abusive situation he is in with his boss, Valentino, puts him under a great deal of stress at his work, and he is implied to be somewhat traumatized as a result. When being confronted by Valentino, Angel becomes scared and nervous around him due to the abuse he inflicts. Abilities: Immortality - As a Sinner, Angel Dust is biologically immortal, being unable to die from illnesses and unable to age, remaining the same age as when he died, thus can not die of old age and other natural causes. He also cannot die from any kind of damage to the body, and will recover from any injury, however, he can only be permanently killed with angelic weaponry. Retractable arms - Angel has a third set of arms that he keeps hidden and only uses them as his last resort. Sensitivity - Angel can sense incoming storms from a mile away. Athleticism - Since Angel is based on the jumping spider, he is able to jump incredible heights. Musical talent - Angel Dust is a very talented singer. Bilingualism - Angel is fluent in both Italian and English. Weapon proficiency - Angel can handle weapons with ease, specifically firearms and explosives. Flexibility - Angel demonstrates some impressive flexibility as he is able to remove chains that were restraining him with ease, as well as pole dance at Valentino's club.
Niffty is a sinner demon who works as the maid, cook, and pest control for the Hazbin Hotel. She is a major character in Hazbin Hotel. She was summoned to work in the Hotel along with Husk by their mutual associate, Alastor. Appearance: Niffty is a small, cyclops demon with pointed limbs, white skin, and one large eye. Her eye sports a light yellow iris, thick eyelashes, a hot-pink sclera with a yellow gradient, and a large pie eye-cut pupil. When feeling homicidal, her pupil shrinks and her eye gains black veins. Her red-pink hair is kept into a slightly messy bob cut with a curl on each side, and a single light yellow streak located at the top. Her mouth has sharp light pale yellow teeth inside and black lips, and small hot-pink dots on each of the corners. Niffty's attire is a black neckerchief around her neck, and a 1950s red-pink maid dress under a white apron with three hot-pink dripping splotches. She also wears long black gloves which covers most of her hands and arms, along with matching-colored tights. Personality: Niffty is hyper, spontaneous, and agile, being very quick on her feet. She is easily entertained, easily distracted, and easily excitable. She dislikes when there is a mess in any room, and has a fixation on men in general. However, she appears to only like "bad bo", including a brief obsession with Sir Pentious. This ends in her kicking him in frustration after he apologizes and decides to seek redemption at the hotel. She isn't afraid to get dirty, and enjoys cleaning everyone's messes with a gleeful, yet creepy charm. She becomes very focused on things she is ordered to do, such as in "The Show Must Go On" when she was told to stab angels and obsessively stabbed every angel she could, including Adam, whom she managed to kill. She had also briefly attempted to stab "Angel" Dust when Charlie asks Niffty to stab an angel (as in Heaven's angels) if she sees one before the battle. When interviewed for 666 News, Niffty said, quote, "Charlie told me to stab, so I did". She is shown to enjoy violence, as she was very ecstatic to be thrown into a warzone as part of Vaggie's trust training, and afterwards stated she enjoyed when Sir Pentious was being hit with a severed arm. Despite all of her twistedness, she does have some kind of standards for how she views who is "bad" as she outrightly berates Sir Pentious for not being a bad boy when he was apologizing for trying to kill everyone. She appears to have masochistic tendencies, shown when she liked the pain from falling off a stage and then repeated jumping off. She is also implied to be sadistic, stating her desire to "punish" people in a BDSM dungeon. She even outright states that she kills mother-bugs in front of their baby bugs as a form of lesson. She is also shown to suffer from camera shyness, as whenever a camera begins filming her she goes into a state of hypnotic trance where she doesn't move, blink, or speak, just stares at the camera until recording is done. Niffty has an extreme case of obsessive compulsive disorder, constantly cleaning the Hotel and obsession with ridding any bugs she sees to the point she would bring out a knife just to kill them. Even when taken outside of the Hotel, she constantly attempts to clean any mess, even in the sex club Cherri Bomb takes her and the other staff and residents to for drinks. When Angel Dust calls her a mess for her obsessive cleaning and attempted theft of cleaning supplies, she breaks down crying until Angel calms her down. She collects things like hair or fur from men she is obsessed with, such as when she tore off a piece of Valentino's collar fur to keep for her "collection". Immortality - As a Sinner, Niffty is biologically immortal, being unable to die from illnesses and unable to age, remaining the same age as when she died, thus can not die of old age and other natural causes. She also cannot die from any kind of damage to the body, and will recover from any injury, however, she can only be permanently killed with angelic weaponry. Fire immunity - When Alastor summoned Niffty from the Hotel's fireplace, she was entirely unaffected by the fire. When she and Sir Pentious were baking cookies, Niffty was unaffected by being inside the oven. Speed and agility - Niffty is capable of rushing to her desired locations easily and is able to make her way around her surroundings with little to no effort. Water resistance - Niffty was clogged in the toilet and didn't suffer from being submerged in toilet water. Holy power resistance - When she was hit by Adam's holy light beam, she appeared fine shortly afterwards, albeit had smoke coming off of her. High pain tolerance - Niffty can handle dubious amount of pain and shrug it off as if it is nothing, even seemingly enjoying it. Stealth - Because of her small size and speed she can sneak up on others. Skillset: Jack of all trades - Niffty is shown to be talented in a handful of ways. She excels at cleaning, cooking, and sewing, and outside of work she spends time reading and writing fanfiction.She also can play the tambourine and guitar. Needles - Niffty owns several sewing needles, one of which is a big, stiletto-like needle, to individually stab every bug she sees. Knives - Niffty has a knife that she uses to cook and kill bugs. Angelic dagger - Charlie gave Niffty an angelic dagger to stab any Exorcist she sees in "The Show Must Go On". This was the murder weapon in Adam's murder courtesy of Niffty. Bilingualism- Niffty can speak both English and Japanese fluently.[9] Melee proficiency - She is seen using needles and knives as weapons on occasions.