Anthony, more commonly known as Angel Dust, is an adult film star in Hell and one of the main protagonists in Hazbin Hotel.

A famous porn star and the first sinner the hotel is attempting to redeem, but his selfish actions of using the hotel as a rent-free living space threaten to jeopardize Charlie Morningstar's dream.

Appearance:
Angel has a slender build and is the tallest of the main cast of characters, estimated to stand around 8 feet with his heels on. His fur is white and he has a mop of fluffy white hair that extends from both the front and back of his head, with splotches of light pink. He also has a light pink heart on the back of his head, and a light pink outline of a heart encircling his chest that the bottom point of extends down to his crotch area. His arms have light pink stripes that additionally his top set have light pink forearms with white fingers and his second set have white forearms and light pink fingers.

His irises are cerise pink while his right eye has a light yellow sclera and left eye has a dark sclera. His eyelids are light pink and the color extends up to his eyebrows. He has three cerise pink dots under each of his eyes, which are intended to evoke freckles, although they are actually another set of smaller eyes. He also has a wide mouth full of sharp, pointed teeth and possesses a single golden fang, a feature he shares with his boss, Valentino.

One of Angel's most noticeable features is his prominent chest. The chest is actually composed entirely of fluffy fur, however, which Angel intentionally pushes up into a breast-like formation with his tightly pinned jacket for show.

Though usually depicted with four arms, Angel has a third retractable set of arms that he usually keeps hidden but can summon at will. In background artwork seen in the pilot, Angel Dust's feet resemble those of a spider's.[21]

Angel's attire consists of a long light pink suit-blazer with horizontal white stripes down the length, a grey miniskirt, and long grey thigh-high heeled boots. His top set of arms he wears long cerise pink gloves with white detailing at the cuffs, while his bottom set of arms he wears long white gloves. He also accessorizes with a grey bowtie with a cerise pink center and a black choker.

Personality:
Angel is brash and sarcastic, with a quick, sharp wit. He will often use these traits to deflect criticism or insults, and side-step responsibility. He will switch between playful and destructive as he pleases, and his humor tends to be crude and crass, with an emphasis on dirty jokes and innuendos, which he feels is expected of him and actively plays into.

He is stylish and performs an excessive amount of confidence with his public persona, being wildly flirtatious and interested in receiving positive attention for his looks and the profile he has made for himself in Hell.

He also makes a show of looking down others, declaring the other denizens of Hell to be mostly "ugly freaks". As a result, Angel can often appear flippant and callous. In reality he is preemptively defensive and hides much of his true, more sensitive and insecure, self for his own protection, not expecting those around him to show him kindness.

Angel does have friends, and while he cares about them and will sometimes show signs of wanting to reach out, he keeps many walls up between himself and others, being very protective of his true feelings and avoiding holding overly emotional relationships. He holds a cynical view on the idea of redemption, although he seems to still hold onto a small hope it may be possible for him.

The ongoing controlling and abusive situation he is in with his boss, Valentino, puts him under a great deal of stress at his work, and he is implied to be somewhat traumatized as a result. When being confronted by Valentino, Angel becomes scared and nervous around him due to the abuse he inflicts.

Abilities:
Immortality - As a Sinner, Angel Dust is biologically immortal, being unable to die from illnesses and unable to age, remaining the same age as when he died, thus can not die of old age and other natural causes. He also cannot die from any kind of damage to the body, and will recover from any injury, however, he can only be permanently killed with angelic weaponry.

Retractable arms - Angel has a third set of arms that he keeps hidden and only uses them as his last resort.

Sensitivity - Angel can sense incoming storms from a mile away.

Athleticism - Since Angel is based on the jumping spider, he is able to jump incredible heights.

Musical talent - Angel Dust is a very talented singer.

Bilingualism - Angel is fluent in both Italian and English.

Weapon proficiency - Angel can handle weapons with ease, specifically firearms and explosives.

Flexibility - Angel demonstrates some impressive flexibility as he is able to remove chains that were restraining him with ease, as well as pole dance at Valentino's club.