Name: C.C. Afton (Christopher Afton)

Species: Soul - Human (Possesses an animatronic)

Personality: C.C is a sensitive and kind soul, woefully afraid of the harsh world around him. While his siblings developed a hard outer shell and cynical bite in response to their home life, C.C found no such defence mechanism, and as such received the brunt of his father's, and later brother's, cruelty. Sometimes he will be kind and forgive Michael for his actions, but sometimes he can be extremely vengeful and hate him from the bottom of his heart. Other times, he will have lost his memory from the bite and not know what happened before his death. Shadow Freddy also known as Shadow Golden Freddy is possessed, but who possesses it? Shadow Freddy is possessed by Chris Afton or Kenny Chris Afton also known as C.C (Crying Child). C.C is a sensitive and kind soul, woefully afraid of the harsh world around him. While his siblings developed a hard outer shell and cynical bite in response to their home life, C.C found no such defence mechanism, and as such received the brunt of his father's, and later brother's, cruelty. He finds solace only in his closest friends, a set of Freddy Fazbear plushies his honorary uncle Henry made for him and his siblings. His closest confidant is his Fredbear plushie, Friendbear, who cheers him on through the best and worst of days. His sister is often his sole defender from near-constant bullying, but even she tires of his constant tears and panic. He wants nothing more than to be close with his big brother and sister, so the realisation that his demeanour pushes them away only makes him cry more.

Appearance: Soul form: C.C is often seen with a black right wing that glows a bright purple. A white wing that glows a soft gold, and he has small paws for feet. Which match the wings for each side. He usually carries around a black and red teddy bear, and a gold and purple teddy bear. His teddy bears can turn into seven foot animatronics that have minds of their own, and often care and accompany him. He wears a grey shirt, with a darker grey jacket. He wears blue jean shorts that go just below his knees. He has black eyes, and white pupils with sharp black markings on his face. He wears a cross necklace that doubles as an illusion disk, when he uses the illusion disk it makes him look alive/human. He has bear ears on his head that match his right wing. He has a mask that has two ovals of yellow as blush, black as its main colour, and glows a grey-purple colour. His left eye is blind, but the left side of his head was bitten off when he died, so he has some memory issues. He has a black halo above his head, and a thin, long, tail. This tail is sharp at the end, and it often moves with his emotions. He has brown hair, and his appearance seems to be slightly tinted white. Looks around nine and is four foot three.

Using Illusion disk/alive form: He’s seen wearing a black and grey striped shirt, with a grey zip-up jacket. He has light blue eyes, with black pupils. He looks perfectly alive, despite using illusions to seem alive. He wears black, slightly baggy pants that he sometimes trips over. He has short, chocolate brown hair, that he seems to take good care of. He’s around four foot seven, and looks around the age of nine or ten. 

Backstory: The week ended on his ninth birthday, where Michael and his "friends" lifted C.C to put him into the mouth of Fredbear. Michael's amusement at his younger brother's terror quickly soured as Fredbear bit down, crushing C.C's skull and splattering the birthday crowd in blood. C.C was born to William and Sunny Afton in 1974, shortly after the two had finished college and settled in Hurricane. As the youngest child, he was babied relentlessly by his mother until her death in 1980, when he was six years old. Due to her sheltering him from both the outside world and his father's ill temper, he was utterly shell-shocked in the wake of her passing. It was at this time that his older brother began to lash out against him, in a combination of grief, jealousy over his and Elizabeth's closeness to their mother, and an eagerness to gain the attention of their father.

Michael's bullying worsened over the years, and came to a peak in 1983 when C.C desperately tried to warn him after accidentally seeing the death of Charlie Emily at their father's hands. Enraged at the insinuation against his role model and only parent, Michael put C.C through a week of torture- mostly involving his debilitating fear of the animatronics at Fredbear's Family Diner. The week ended on his ninth birthday, where Michael and his "friends" lifted C.C to put him into the mouth of Fredbear. Michael's amusement at his younger brother's terror quickly soured as Fredbear bit down, crushing C.C's skull and splattering the birthday crowd in blood. Although he was rushed to the hospital, C.C did not survive his injuries. Unlike the other murdered children, the state of his soul is currently unknown- though his plushie "Friendbear" stays around to torment Michael with the constant reminder of his actions. However, C.C did forgive Michael for his actions later on, the two now being quite close.