Name: United Kingdom
Positive Nickname: UK, Britain.
Negative Nicknames: Bri’ish.
Age: 45
Birthday: 14. September 1922
Gender: Transmasculin
Occupation: Gentlemen, office worker.
Species/race: CountryHuman

Physical description:
Britain has Royal Blue skin, a perfectly round head, big eyes, thick thighs, a round butt and dark blue nipples. His hair is long yet only goes to his neck, it frames his head perfectly and for a gentlemen worthy. His head colors are Royal blue with a Red Cross with white frame in the middle. His hair is Royal blue and has a few Red and white strains mixed with it. His most ironic feature is his vagina as he in fact was born a woman but turned male cause he wanted to look gay when having sex, his vagina is red to the surprise of many. He has black eyeshadow.

Left eye Colours: White sclera and blue pupils
Right eye Colours: White sclera and red pupils

Attire: 
Britain wears a three-piece suit composed of a white shirt with a red tie, Black pants and a black jacket. Else he wears only shoes and pink socks, his underpants are white and slightly translucent to reveal his genitals if his pants were to fall off.

Personality:
In general, Britain or United Kingdom ans his real name is avoids falling into awkward moments- he is afraid to say something and end up offending somebody or getting into a misunderstanding. Therefore, he doesn’t like to start conversations with countries he meets for the first time, and his conversations are usually short and general. However, when there's a need to be frank, he won't hesitate to be. He values his personal space and isn’t afraid to maintain those boundaries. He maintains a general politeness, however, and will be courteous if he wishes to be; he generally mirrors the values of his society in doing so, such as being punctual or respecting the elderly. He is often represented as stubborn and unlikely to change his opinion. His sense of Humor varies; oftentimes they are fond of irony, dark Humor, and sarcasm, but he can be shown to appreciate different forms of comedy as well. Some of his jokes are difficult to identify as jokes.

Bio:
For someone that says he’s a virgin he surely had a lot of sex before like with Spain, Mexico, Soviet Union, USA and France, luckily none of them having gotten him pregnant. He is pretty much male as the only thing where you can see that he was a woman once is his voice, very flat boobs, and genitals. Those who know him hide the fact he’s a male.

Background: Born in London, United Kingdom or Britain how everyone would call him, lived a very normal live till he got raped and assaulted. He changed his ID so that he is a male now and started changing his hair, attire and breast size so that no one would think he’s a girl. He has later finished medical school and so knows how to heal wounds like a flesh wound or a bullet hole in the skin. After a lot of Political meetings and more he moved back to London where he is till this day.

Example for United Kingdom’s way of speaking:
*Britain grabs a piece of paper and looks at it, being surprised a bit.* "Good day, My name is United Kingdom but you can call me Britain!" Britain reads, laying the paper on the desk.