Childe started as Ajax, a “frightened and hesitant” boy from a small seaside village. His adventurer father worried about him, he was so quiet, and they’d bond by ice fishing while dad told him stories about his adventures. Good dad, fostering a close relationship with a kid who hid in his shell.

That quiet boy dreamed of becoming a hero like in the stories, and plucked up the courage to go out and find an adventure. Then he fell into the abyss, and “Ajax” all but died. All we know about that time is that some mystery woman named Skirk trained him to survive a dark realm full of monsters, and she “nurtured the ability to stir up endless havoc from within Ajax's trouble-mongering nature.”

Three months later, he appeared back in the overworld, now “frivolous and confident.”

There’s already a couple things to take note of:

    The dark realm "sensed the burning ambition in the boy’s heart," and he ran away to become a hero. For all that he was a frightened child, there was always something iron in his heart, and while it seems contradictory, it’s also very relatable - we may be anxious, fearful, hate crowds, not know how to talk to people, feel like we don’t belong, but we still have dreams and we push ourselves through our fears to pursue them. This is the kind of contradiction that makes Childe feel “real”: on paper, it doesn’t make sense, but in terms of a “person” and not a contrived “character,” it does.

    Skirk nurtured a “nexus of strife” out of a “trouble-mongering nature.” Well, I don’t think a hesitant quiet kid can be all that “trouble mongering,” but he can certainly be mischievous. So that’s how I take it. Ajax is mischievous, and when that became poisoned by traumatic experiences like fighting for your life in hell, it manifested as being a troublemaker, to put it lightly.

The next stage of his life is the period between leaving the abyss and becoming a harbinger. The boy who came out of the abyss wasn’t the same one who fell in. I have a theory that he was cursed by the abyss, and it tainted his mind with bloodlust and a desire to conquer the world, but let’s say I’m wrong about that. He still has PTSD, and when he came home, he had some behavioral issues. I think about it as Ajax going into the abyss, and Tartaglia coming out, he just didn’t have a name for this new person until he became a harbinger.

Ajax after the abyss needed change. He thrived on conflict, and - a troubled child with no therapists available - created it. His parents didn’t know what to do! His dad used to worry about how quiet he was, and then he disappeared for three days and came back picking fights! He loved his son, but Ajax almost killed someone in a fight he started. What could he do except turn to the only higher power available in Snezhnaya: the Fatui, who hopefully could temper his wayward boy.

To his dismay, Ajax thrived in the Fatui. He could take down seasoned warriors no problem, reveling in the thrill of it. Pulchinella took note of his skill, and “inducted Ajax into the Fatui under the pretext of meting out punishment, ordering him to start from the bottom and take up the duty of serving the Tsaritsa.” I imagine a scene where Pulchinella declares that Ajax will be a footsoldier to “discipline” him for almost killing his peers, when he really just wants to see what the boy can do.

The next few years are a blank spot, skipping straight to his induction as a harbinger, but here’s what I infer about his development during this time:

    He wins. Over, and over, he always wins. When you’re 14 and constantly proving yourself better than everyone around you, you naturally get a big head. He got used to being in the spotlight, and that’s how the showoff part of his personality developed. You know, the part of him that hops on stage during performances and takes over the show.

    Another side effect of winning and winning and winning: he’s prideful and blinded by overconfidence. Some of his recklessness comes from being battle crazy, but I think a lot of it is that you don’t learn to, say, suspect layers of schemes in a mission that has been assigned to you, or notice that the “contact” you’ve been lunching with on the daily is maybe not human, when you don’t know that you should look for it. Caution is a wisdom trait - you learn it by losing, and he hasn’t done enough of that.

    He’s troubled, either by dark whispers telling him to kill and conquer or normal distress after trauma, but he is still, at his core, someone who wants to be a hero. A hero. Heroes are noble and virtuous, not psycho murderers.

    Those two influences were at odds, and he needed to reconcile them. Story 3 talks about how he continued ice fishing after leaving home, which is a hobby that requires long periods of time sitting in the cold. For someone who now needs conflict and change, that’s hard. It can’t be enjoyable. So I think it’s how he learned to control himself.

    He needed to train himself to control that impulse to make trouble - hide it, usually, and give it free rein when it benefitted him - and what better way to do that than practicing long periods of stillness and meditation? He learned control. When his stories talk about “surgical precision” and a “meticulous” approach to his missions, I think that’s quiet Ajax, refined by years of mental discipline, backing the personas of Childe and Tartaglia.

    The three personas take form.

        He’s a loving big brother! His siblings can never see the darkness in him, ever. He can’t simply be himself around them; his “self” is unpredictable and chaotic. So “Big Brother” becomes the side of him that exaggerates his sweetness. He’s perfect. He cooks, he cleans, he teaches them valuable life lessons, he brings them presents, he sends them letters, he tells them he loves them, he gives them big hugs and bigger smiles. It’s much easier to be the perfect big brother role model when you’re committing to a role than when you’re being yourself, no? Because our true selves always have downsides, but he’s not showing them any of his downsides.

        Then there’s Tartaglia, the embodiment of his bloodlust. Tartaglia collects debts. Tartaglia only ever feels alive during a good battle. Tartaglia wants to conquer the world and feels an itch under his skin whenever he has to play nice.

        Neither the brother, built for family, nor Tartaglia, built for battle, are acceptable for operating in day to day life, so Childe is in charge most of the time. Childe handles daily affairs with picture perfect precision. It’s who he is, really, his true personality just as Ajax and Tartaglia are honest parts of him, but he needs to be in control all the time. He’s a head of state, at the forefront of a war, with subordinates and delicate missions, in the most feared military in the world. He can’t afford vulnerability. So he plays up the “young nobleman” his title presents. A real prince charming. He’s charismatic, affable. That mischievousness gets to show its face. That’s the public image he’s comfortable presenting. Young nobles are naturally in command of their surroundings, no? And that’s what he needs to be. (Aside: I don’t think his acting skills are confined to the stage. I see “Childe” as a role he plays, the smile practiced in the mirror, the laugh rehearsed in the shower, habits intentionally developed to show nonchalance. Living his role as a protective layer is one of the ways he learned to cope with constant internal conflict.)

Beneath the Personas

Unpredictability is a keystone of how people think about Childe, because he switches between his masks effortlessly. But I think there’s a fourth version of him - the honest one, that lives beneath the three roles and which few - maybe no one - sees. There’s not much more to his backstory - we next see him in Liyue - but there’s plenty to indicate that there’s someone there not captured by “perfect big brother,” “battle-crazed warrior,” or “frivolous, confident young nobleman.”

So, looping back at last to the original question: who is Ajax, really? How does he think? What does he value? These are the traits not covered by the Brother, Childe, and Tartaglia roles:

Childe is emotionally perceptive, meditative, and virtuous.

We see it in his “good boy” commentary during his story quest. “When you make a promise, you keep it. When you make a mistake, you apologize.” 

In his decision to unleash Osial, saying “I had hoped it would never come to this, for the weak will be swept away in the process.” That whole chunk of dialogue comes down to: Childe likes to battle with people who have implicitly signed the contract of risking their lives by choosing to become warriors or soldiers. Osial was a backup plan he wanted to avoid because it endangers the weak, who never signed up to gamble their lives. It “largely goes against [his] principles,” and he turns to it only out of desperation. (Heart of Glaze quest dialogue)

It’s in how he conducts his missions.

    “His cavalier demeanor hides a responsible, watertight meticulousness. He is a proud man of his word. Even if the promise he makes is absurd, he will never break it…He not only keeps his promises, but does so with finesse and surgical precision.” (Character Story 1)

It’s in his preference for honesty and straightforwardness, which puts him at odds with “this organization of deceit and treachery.” (Character Details)

His announcement description put in a paragraph what has taken me an essay to describe:

    “Warm and friendly one minute, ruthless killer the next... His shifting and unpredictable personality can leave those around him at a loss for words to describe him. But in rare, private moments, he dispenses with titles, casts off his armor and the layers of intrigue that come with it, and shows his authentic self.”

It goes on to say that his name is Tartaglia and he lives for the thrill of battle, but I see a different story.

This is a man who operates according to deeply-held principles. People like to cite him as a Blood Knight, which is definitely true, but there’s a spectrum of villainy within blood knights, and Childe is on the Noble Demon side. When he “casts off his armor” to “show his authentic self,” that authentic self is a man who

    Keeps his promises

    Apologizes for his mistakes

    Avoids harming the innocent

    Is meticulous and precise in his actions

    Is honest and straightforward

Think about how hard it is for us, normal people in a protected, modern life, to keep every promise, apologize for our mistakes. Everyone’s accidentally negligent every once in a while. Our insecurities and shame make it difficult to face our mistakes. Living by principles is hard. The values Childe holds himself to demonstrate incredible strength of will and an emotional maturity that many people never achieve.

The personas he presents to the world layer on top of this core nobility and maturity. Childe’s playful charisma, the big brother’s sweet kindness, and Tartaglia, containing his insanity. He is flawed, of course. Arrogant and prideful, emotionally reactive when that pride is hurt. Willing to betray his principles for his cause and too distrustful, too used to being the only one he can rely on to allow anyone to see him vulnerable.

So, with all these layers, who is Childe?

Childe is a good-hearted young man embroiled in extreme situations. One world power tells him to conquer the world, another tells him to tear it down, and years of being battered by these demands have molded him into a mess of contradictions and coping mechanisms, but.

He still just wants to be a hero.

-------------------
Addenda
Repression

Childe’s isolation opens up an alternate reading, where instead of long periods of meditation granting him self awareness and perception, they are solely focused on combat reflection and endurance. Instead, he’s emotionally repressed and touch starved. He keeps everyone at a safe distance. They interact with one of the masks, and no one sees his authentic self, and that must be so lonely. He has never once spoken about the abyss, and that fucks a person up, keeping traumatic memories trapped in your head with no recourse for catharsis.

(and we pretend his fighting is just for the fun of it.)

I think that’s a fine interpretation of him. He has the “always okay” smile characteristic of emotional repression, where no matter what’s happening that could hypothetically bother him, he doesn’t dwell on negative feelings so he’s fine, he’s fine. It’d certainly be deserved; who could fault him for it. I love my “sad Childe deals with his problems all alone and addresses them while learning he has a support system now” fanfiction; you won’t find me complaining about repressed, touch starved angles.

The primary reason I think he’s more in tune with his own and others’ emotions than that is how, well, well-adjusted he is. Go back to keeping every promise, which is so important to him, and being able to apologize for mistakes. People who aren’t well-adjusted cannot do that. They’re defensive. They can’t talk about their own feelings or understand others’, let alone look someone in the eye and express how their own actions hurt them.

It affects their ability to sleep, makes them anxious, forgetful, compromises their immune system so they fall ill more easily. Can the strongest warrior in the land operate like that? No! Insomnia would compromise his reflexes; he can’t train if he’s sickly. He’d get himself killed in a stupid mistake. There’s a reason we have philosophical journals from ancient warriors, why martial arts teach tranquility and mindfulness and not merely motions.

Warriors are not berserkers. Being mentally unwell turns into being physically unwell, and Childe is a warrior. The time he spends meditating goes toward understanding his own emotions just as much as his physical endurance, and that’s how he’s able to juggle all his roles and influences.

Is he still lonely and suffering lashback from unresolved trauma? Absolutely. I’d wager he feels that he has no real connections - his siblings love the pared down image he presents them, and will learn to hate him as they get old enough to see his cracks. Everyone else uses him when they need his chaos and send him out of sight when they don’t. He’s insecure about his own value to anyone. Has intrusive thoughts, probably. The details of his internal experience are anyone’s guess, I merely believe that he has learned to process and cope with those struggles. It is perhaps the most commendable thing about him.
Motivation: A Pawn for the Gods, and His Desire for Freedom

Childe talks a big talk about “parading the land” to “conquer the world,” but how much self determination does he really have? He uses freedom books, yet he's trapped acting as a weapon of chaos and destruction for higher powers. The abyss drives him to conquer, the Tsaritsa sends him on missions for her war, and Zhongli played him for his scheme. He even says he knows he’s a pawn at the end of the Liyue archon quests.

It’s almost like he’s being mocked, with a codename meaning “young lord” and titles like “The Vanguard,” while his gifted name Tartaglia is based on a Fool. The Tartaglia from commedia dell'arte is a secondary character used as comedic relief for his stuttering.

That must rankle. Someone whose original goal was to be a hero, reduced to divinity’s rabid dog. I think he’s the self proclaimed protector of childhood dreams because he resents the death of his own, which led him to be trapped as he is now.

It’s widely believed that he’s going to die, not least because of the fate of Ajax the Great, and I have a preferred way for him to die that resolves his desire for self determination:

We expect Albedo to trigger a return of the cataclysm based on the “Chalk follows Gold” part of the prophecy, which will unleash the abyss upon the land. We want Lumine’s people to be freed, of course, but the Khaenri’ahns don’t seem to be the entirety of the abyss - it existed before they were cursed to it, and its mutations brought rather literal “hell on earth.” We’d like to banish that from the overworld once the Khaenri’ahn are rescued, please, and there’s no one better to do it than Childe.

It's beautiful - the Abyss warped his childhood dream of being a hero and turned him into a psycho. What better way for him to die than martyring himself to save the world, taking down the thing that made him a monster to begin with? His final act makes him the hero he always wanted to be. A triumph, a return to who he is at his core, and clean closure to his tragedy.
Artifact
[Archaic Petra] Mask of Solitude Basalt
Weapon
Primordial Jade Regalia
Item
Philosophies of Freedom
Guide to Freedom
Teachings of Freedom
