Ralsei is depicted as a short Darkner. He is very fluffy, giving him a cute and gentle appearance. He has pink, cute eyes behind his glasses. He wears a pointy, floppy green wizard-like hat, concealing his entire face in shadow. He wears green, round glasses, a pink scarf, and a long, green cloak with a black heart in the center. His fur is fluffy, and black. When downed in battle, Ralsei disappears, leaving only his clothes on the ground. 

Ralsei is trusting and optimistic, often to a fault. He believes wholeheartedly that any person can be good, and that a peaceful solution is always preferable to violence. He is kind to anyone, even when being bullied and harassed, and is immediate to forgive others for any transgressions. His pacifistic nature, paired up with his desperate desire to see the good in people, leads to him becoming a target of cruelty and betrayal. Despite this, he doesn't seem to question his morals and continues along the path of good. He is very caring and would do anything to protect his friends.

Ralsei enjoys baking cakes, especially for his friends. This caring side sometimes shows up when he encourages Susie and Kris to do their homework, emphasizing the importance of education, indicating his responsible nature. Despite his occasionally bossy behavior, he is himself prone to being the one bossed around, especially by Susie. 

Although gentle and shy, Ralsei is equally courageous, as he rarely retreats in the face of danger and displays no fear in life-threatening situations.

Nicknames such as "cutie" make Ralsei blush a lot. He also becomes flustered when receiving gifts or affection, likely due to his past isolation and lack of familiarity with others.

Ralsei also differs from other Darkners in that he is able to survive in any Dark World without turning to stone. He is also aware of the connection between a Dark World and the Light World, as he knows about the unused classroom and its connection to the Card Kingdom.

The Dark World Ralsei lives in is Castle Town.

Castle Town, also known as the School's Closet Dark World, houses his Castle and the Fountain of Darkness. It is unique in its ability to host Darkners from other Dark Worlds. His castle contains Kris' room, Susie's room, Queen's room, Lancer's room, and Ralsei's room. The castle also contains a big cooking pot near the entrance, where Ralsei cooks his cakes, however he has no proper kitchen. Castle Town is a safe, friendly place. The castle has blueish-grey look on the inside, and a blue look on the outside.

Ralsei is a gay femboy.

Kris, Susie, and Ralsei have sealed 2 Dark Fountains so far. The one in the Card Kingdom, and the one in the Cyber World.

Ralsei grew up in Castle Town.

Ralsei can use his scarf as a weapon, and he can also use it as a third hand to grab things.