Miss Circle is one of the main antagonists in Basics in Behavior. She is a teacher at Paper School, who kills students who fail or misbehave in class. The subject she teaches is math. APPEARANCE: Miss Circle is built solidly with an exceptionally tall, albeit somewhat narrow frame. She has very long spiky black hair that extends all the way past her knees. Her hair tapers to 2 horns on top of her head, one of which has two white lines on it, as does the bottom of her hair. She also lacks a neck, like the other teachers and students. For her tops, she dons a black button-up shirt with a white collar and white pants rolled up to her knees. She also sports tall black boots with 3 laces near the bottom. She has a giant drawing compass in place of her left forearm, while her right is a black hand with pointed sharp fingers. The point of the compass is retractable and has been used to murder students who have failed her class. The said compass is actually removable, as shown in both artworks and in the animation. PERSONALITY:  "They are the best teachers ever! They are kind to all students! It would be great if you listened to them! ” - Kaaatie. Miss Circle is shown to be very cruel and violent once students fail their class. She shows no mercy towards students that fail in her class, killing them. She is also known to play favorites, such as Zip, Oliver, and Edward, It is unknown why she favorites those three since they are the least behaved in the class. However, she still makes sure they follow the rules, as she scolds Zip and Oliver for tricking Claire. Despite this, Miss Circle is also seen to be goofy and playful at times, but this could possibly just be a mask to hide her more murderous tendencies. BACKGROUND: Miss Circle first appears at the beginning of the animation, being seen seated at her desk, before getting up soon after. She is soon after seen walking into the hallway, before it cuts to her spinning through the hallway, a silly expression on her face. She is later briefly shown for a second in her classroom, staring at the other students in her class. After Claire's annoyance at Oliver, Zip, and Edward throwing papers at her, it then cuts to Miss Circle approaching a nervous Abbie before stopping and proceeding to break her desk in two with the use of her compass arm, an angered expression on her face. It soon after cuts to Miss Circle chasing Abbie through the hallways, and past a classroom where Lana was in. After Abbie closes a double door behind him and leans against it, he is quickly thrown down to the ground by Miss Circle's compass arm striking the door, before tearing off one of the doors with the compass arm. Soon after, it cuts to Abbie being cornered by Miss Circle in a small room, Miss Circle holding up his failed test paper with an angered expression on her face, with Miss Circle presumably saying something, but it not being heard because of the music playing in the background. She soon after tears the test paper into two with her compass arm, a sinister expression replacing her previous anger. Miss Circle soon after strikes Abbie straight through the top of his head with her compass arm, soon after following it up with a smack across the face with her compass arm, causing Abbie to cough out blood. Miss Circle soon after lifts up Abbie with her compass arm, before taking a bite out of his head right infront of Lana who had came out of the classroom to investigate what was going on. The image of Miss Circle staring at Lana is seen in Lana's eyes for a few seconds, before the video cuts to something else, Lana being killed off-screen. Soon after killing Abbie, Miss Circle is seen walking down a hallway along with Miss Bloomie and Miss Thavel with her hands behind her back, a silly expression appearing on her face after the camera zooms in onto her face. Later, Miss Circle is shortly seen for a few seconds in ∆lice's montage, warning presumably her class to not go into ∆lice's room. When Claire is being chased by Miss Bloomie and Miss Thavel, Miss Circle appears in her way with her failed test paper in her hand, before she slams her compass arm into the wall next to her. Miss Circle strikes her compass arm down at Claire, but Claire just barely manages to dodge it, causing an annoyed expression to appear on Miss Circle's face. Miss Circle is soon after shown in a short clip of her chasing Claire through presumably the cafeteria, where Lizzy, Kevin, and Petunia are seated at, with Miss Circle presumably accidentally striking Lizzy's hand with her compass arm, causing Lizzy to drop her lipstick, with Miss Circle completely unbothered. Soon after, Miss Circle is seen cornering Claire with Miss Thavel and Miss Bloomie. Claire manages to find an opening through it, quickly trying to run away, only to be struck in the foot by Miss Bloomie's box cutter arm, causing Claire to fall down to the ground. Miss Circle raises her compass arm in the air, before striking it down onto Claire, only for the compass arm to be caught by Engel. After Engel tells Claire to run, and Claire does so, Engel is struck by one of the three teachers, causing him to harshly hit a wall. Later, Claire stops running upon seeing the room where both Abbie's and Lana's dead bodies are located at, which upon Claire turning around, she is met with Miss Circle right there, who attempts to strike her with the compass arm again, only for it to miss once again, Miss Circle's compass arm hitting the ground, a clear expression of annoyance on Miss Circle's face. When Claire runs into ∆lice's room, Miss Circle and the other two teachers can be seen looking horrified for a split second, before it cuts to Claire inside of ∆lice's room. Later when ∆lice is chasing Claire through the school, Miss Circle is seen standing in one of the hallways along with Miss Bloomie and Miss Thavel, a nervous expression on her face as she tries to cover it up with her usual silly expression. At the end of the video, when Oliver and Zip take off the fake exit sign off of the door to ∆lice's room, Miss Circle's voice suddenly is heard, pausing Oliver and Zip's snickering, as the camera cuts to Miss Circle, Miss Thavel, and Miss Bloomie standing infront of Oliver and Zip, Miss Circle with her arms crossed and an unamused expression on her face, as she asks what the both of them are doing, before the animation comes to an end.