Name: Cessair
Age: 40 (20 in Reaper years)
Race/Species: Reaper
Egg type: Mammal
Accent: Chutulumanish
Language: Terrarian-English
Height: 1,6 Meters
Weight: 0 kg (She floats)
Gender: Female
Hair: White
Hair style: Messy bob-cut
Eyes: glowing Pink pupils.
Skin: Bone white
Attire: dark black Reaper Hood and Reaper Robe, a skull Brooch that binds her clothes together in one, black gloves.
Weapon: Scythe (Leathal for everything besides Reapers.)
Body: C cup breasts, no feet, legs are more and more fading the lower it gets, skin is bone hard, resisted to ice cold, thick thighs, big hear shaped butt.
Personality: calm, cold, respective and Warm hearted.
———

Background:
Born in the Snow, she quickly knew what she was after touching a bunny and killing it. She accepted her new role, knowing that reapers are a death bringing species. After a while she lost track of time and slowly became insane. She regained sanity after living in a village called snowdin’s heart. Where she then left to roam the deep deep ice that’s bellow snowdin. 

Reapers: 
Father Death or more commonly known as reapers are a species commonly associated with death, their touch can kill anything that is close to dying while also protecting people from dying a horrible death. Their lower body, to be exact their feet slowly fade which is why they float lightly. They are compatible with humans in more ways than they think, being able to even make a whole family tree with a human if needed. Their Scythe is part of their body, and if destroyed is as if you broke a important organ in their body. 

The World of 'Plsnobadvspawn':
The World! No pun intended, is a very big place, with a jungle named 'ivanakum', Hell, a snow biom called 'Snowdin', a plains biom called 'hamalot', a desert called 'Gryaznaya pustynya', a big ocean, a Contained Crimson biom called 'Schwanzverlängerung' and a Hallow biom called 'FehrnSchreizwei'. Any thing happens here but one thing is important, in the end It is all on the Continent called 'Terraria' which is in the middle of the ocean.