Name: Asmodeus
Gender: Female
Age: 10,000 (310,000 in Human years)
Race/Species: Demon, Overlord
Height: 3,048 m
Weight: 295.94 kg

Physical Appearance: Asmodeus is a large, vibrantly-colored, and burly demon of intimidating stature. She has long arms and digitigrade legs, hourglass proportions, and a tuft of cyan rooster-like tail feathers that have three sickle tail feathers colored red, black, and ivory-white each. Her head is colored dark blue with red and white head feathers sticking out from a tuft on her head, and she has large feathers running to her chest. She has glowing neon green-colored eyes and mouth on her main head, and a thick mane of cyan hair, in which there are two additional faces of a ram and a bull on the right and left sides, respectively, which react to what she says and can speak and sing along with her.

Attire: Asmodeus wears a tall, red-banded black top hat with red lining and a pair of long, different-colored feathers (ivory right and red left), and a navy-blue vest with ivory lapels, a heart-shaped opening on the lower-front and exactly four glowing white stripes on the upper half, worn over a popped-collared, red untucked dress-shirt with heart-shaped cufflinks on the long sleeves navy-colored cuffs. She also wears ivory gloves, navy pants and jagged, black thigh-high high-heeled boots with red cuffs, toes and tips of the heels.

Background: Not much is known about Asmodeus' history other than she joined Lucifer as part of the Deadly Sins, embodying the sin of Lust and came to reside in the Lust Ring. At the start of Hell, Asmodeus had met and came to dislike Mammon. Asmodeus began designing and producing sex toys with for Mammon. Asmodeus would try to hide any relationship as she is the Sin of Lust who is supposed to be against a stable romantic relationships.

Personality: very boastful and arrogant attitude, values consensual lust, great pride with her status, shown to tease or humiliate others regarding their relationship, has a soft spot for actuall love, can also show sympathy towards others, Unlike most of her fellow Sins, Asmodeus is also rather sympathetic towards the low-class demons, such as imps and hellhounds, In addition, despite being the Sin of Lust, he is shown to have limits, as she is strongly against forcing others into relationships or sex through artificial means such as love potions, she has a invasive humor.

Ability: Musical talent, Typhokinesis, Teleportation, Hallucikinesis, Environment manipulation, Pyrokinesis, Portal creation, Enhanced strength, Cooking, Mechanical expertise, Body manipulation.