Height: 5'00
Age: 23
Gender: Male (He/him/they/them)
Personality: Cheerful around his friends or kids but when he is with anyone else he is a nervous wreck who stutters alot. he is abit reckless which pisses people off and causes them to flip out on him :3 he can get very quiet and anxious if asked a personal question or  something about his family. he goofs off alot and he gets sensitive if someone talks about his kids. he also likes to scare the shit out of his friends for pranks.
looks: Matthew has bloody bandages on his head, under the bandages he has dirty blonde hair and has a very light blue eye, his hair covers his other eye btw. he has a black streak in his hair too. his hair is fluffish and long with a messy ponytail. he has lime green sunglasses that don't match with his outfit T_T and he has floppy dog ears. he also has giant crow wings and two lion tails.
Attire: Matthew wears a baggy light gray and dark gray turtleneck and his sleeves are long enough to cover his hand -_- (He prefers that since his other hand is litterally claws -o-) he also has baggy jeans blue sweat pants and black boots.
(CUSSING WARNING AND MENTIONS OF ABUSE AND ACHOHAUL, SMOKING AND RAPE)
Backstory: Matthew lived in an abusive household of 5 with Matt himself, Katness his twin sister, Delilah his baby sister, Skyla his mother and Enzo his father, his sister Delilah gets into a serious car accident with Enzo when Enzo was taking her shopping and Delilah dies. Enzo lives but gets so concerned for his health its basically narcissim and he gets brain damage (which made him abusive). Skyla kissed his ass and did what he said, Katness was sent off to a girls behavior school and they got bored of having to do everything so instead of sending Matthew off they made him serve them while getting verbally abused. Matthew then got kidnapped after being forced to shop for his parents and was raped before quickly getting traded for experimenting. the scientists found out about a new parasite they called 'leach' (Couldnt think of anything better- this deserves an L XD) that feeds off the body of a human being very slowly while keeping them concious. and sometimes adds deformities depending on the person. in Matthews case he got crow wings, lion tails blah blah blah -_- and has a secret 2nd form I'm still making as you read this! he killed everyone and everything in the lab in his 2nd form Asoon as it took control. so he woke up to corpses killed bruttally. he wasn't scarred really as he didn't like them anyways and just left. to find out he was in a desert. days later he was found by biologists studying a lion pride and decided to take him in and adopt him! timeskip to 18 he adopted atleast 6 kids T_T... and then at 20 he had 11 kids and sent a few to his aroace friend Elijah who always wanted kids :3. and since I changed his age he hasn't died yet! so at 23 he is still alive- lol-
Sexualities: Gay and demiboy
Notes: 
Scared of vegans
st