Name: France the second Canada Kingdom
Positive Nickname: France, Frenchy.
Negative Nicknames: None
Age: 26
Birthday: July 1, 1867
Gender: Male
Occupation: Lumberjack.
Species/race: CountryHuman

Physical description:
Canada has White skin, a perfectly round head, big eyes, His head colors are Red on the left and right and white in the middle with a ahorn leaf symbol in red also being in the center, 7 inch dick, pretty regular build. His hair is also red, with a few white strains. His hair is short and his face free from any locks thanks to two black hair clips.

Eye Color: White sclera and Black Pupils.

Attire: 
Canada wears a red plaid button-up and black pants, also wearing a red winter jacket. For a hat he wears a coonskin cap. Also has a necklace with a photo of him and USA in it.

Personality:
Canada is pretty shy, timid and innocent. Even though he’s friends with almost everyone, he prefers to stick beside his sibling (USA). He doesn’t like talking much, and he sometimes doesn’t talk to anyone but America for so long that the other countries forget he exists, But that’s the way he likes it, Even if the things he’s done barely compare to other things the countries around him have done, he’s still very ashamed and guilt-ridden. Canada just wants to live in relative solitude, without anyone bothering him. Though, he’ll also break up fights if he spots one, his calmness and understanding is makes him quite charming. When he gets depressed or stressed, he goes to Jamaica’s house and spend time there, smoking weed. On the flip-side, there are some things about Canada that aren’t as innocent. Since Canada is so close to  America he saw the worst in his sibling, and even if Canada has a very little obvious ego, he still has a superiority complex. Sometimes it gets the best of him, and he does a 180, suddenly wanting to be the center of attention (but this is rare). Then of course, despite feeling sorry about it, he mistreat the First Nations for practically fun.

Bio:
Canada loves to hang out with either USA, Netherlands, Germany, France, Ukraine and even Columbia and Mexico even tho he says they are junkies. Has a non sexual relationship with USA, only loving her as a sibling and not as a lover. Hates misunderstandings, his enemy’s (Russia and ISIS) and his past. Surprisingly strong and deadly if you get on his enemy side. Wants to find a boyfriend or girlfriend yet has no luck at the moment.

Background:
Grew up pretty normal, however after he got send to the continent America with a budged of 20 Million dollars by his father he went there with USA and was quite shy at first, but soon he became the Canada we all know today. He lives in a cabin in the northern part of North America and has to drive pretty far to get to someone.

Example for Canada’s way of speaking:
*Hold up a piece of paper, taking a good look at it.* "Hoi! My name is Canada! I am the sibling of USA".Canada reads, giggling a bit.