Name: Colombia Marihana
Positive Nickname: 
Negative Nicknames: 
Age: 30
Birthday: July 20, 1810
Gender: Male
Occupation: Weed Farmer (Legal).
Species/race: CountryHuman

Physical description:
Colombia has Red skin, a perfectly round head, big eyes, thick thighs, a round butt and dark red nipples. His hair is long yet only goes to his neck, it frames his head slightly and covers his left eye a bit. His head colors are Yellow on top, Blue in the middle and Red at the bottom. He has Yellow eyeshadow. His hair colors are Yellow with a lot of Blue and Red strains on the lower end and neck region.

Left eye Colours: slightly red White sclera and black pupils
Right eye Colours: slightly red White sclera and black pupils

Attire: 
He wears a Sombrero Vueltiao, he also wears a white shirt and black pants. His shoes are dark pink.

Personality:
Colombia its a good natured and optimistic country. Often perceived as strong and righteous person. Apart from strong he can also be empathetic, and cheer his friends even if they are on the worst moments as well. In other hand, Colombia is commonly seem to enjoy coffee a lot but also have drug tendencies, this is rarer in comparation of countries like Uruguay and Jamaica.

Bio:
Not stoned all the time but loves to smoke a blunt when alone. He’s very gay, and usually always bottom. Besides sucking somecountry’s dick after it creamed into his rear, he isn’t very creative with sex and just enjoys it. Not a fan of rough sex but endures it when needed.

Background: Born in Santiago, Colombia very soon moved to the more oceanic and tropical land parts of South American, being quite close to North America. He had no parents growing up and so never really learned anything till the age of 18. Now he’s 30 and is living a relaxed, sometimes stoned, gay live with his closest friends.

Example for Colombia’s way of speaking:
*Colombia grabs a piece of paper and looks at it.* "Hola! Soy Colombia! I am Friends with Peru, Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Jamaica and Uruguay. I also am friends with Mexico, tho not for the same reasons as before." Colombia reads, rolling the paper up and lighting it.