"♪ When I saw your face, you made me feel like a stranger in a brand new place. And it felt so good, to be understood. There's so much I wish that I could say. So I- I'll be your armor. Do whatever it takes, I'll make the mistakes. I'll spend my life being your partner. ♪"
―Vaggie, expressing her desire to help Charlie
Vaggie
Current
Winged
Past (unmasked)
Past (masked)
Current
Information
True Name
Vaggie (main series)
Vagatha (pilot)[1]
Nicknames
Babe (by Angel Dust and Adam)
Vagina (by Angel Dust)
Toots (by Angel Dust)
Dear (by Alastor)
My Dear (by Alastor and Sir Pentious)
Vagatha (by Sir Pentious)
Vagasaurus (by Adam)
Purple Female (by Sir Pentious)
Maggie (by Lucifer Morningstar)
Sinful Filth (by Lute)
Stupid Girl (by Carmilla Carmine)
The Traitor (by Lute)
Likes
Charlie Morningstar
Supporting Charlie's dream
Spending time with Charlie
Protecting Charlie
Adam's death
Dislikes
Herself[2]
Charlie being insulted or harmed
Charlie getting ahead of herself all the time
Anything messy[3]
Angel Dust's attitude
Alastor's attitude
Heaven
The extermination
Adam and Lute tormenting her
Emily getting close to Charlie
Failing Charlie and her dreams
Charlie knowing about her past as an Exorcist
Seeing Charlie saddened
Sexuality
Queer (sapphic)[note 1]
Characteristics
Species
Angel
Gender
Female
Age
20s
Abilities
Flight
Bilingualism
Musical talent
Weapon handling
Status
Active
Professional status
Occupation
Manager at The Hazbin Hotel
Exorcist (formerly)
Relationships
Friends
Angel Dust (frenemy)
Niffty (co-worker)
Sir Pentious (former enemy)
Egg Boiz (former enemies)
Husk
Razzle and Dazzle
KeeKee
Romantic interests
Charlie Morningstar (girlfriend)
Enemies
Alastor (occasional; one-sided)
Exorcists (formerly affiliated)
Adam (former commander)
Lute (former fellow Exorcist)
Others
Alastor (co-worker)
Carmilla Carmine (mentor)
Mimzy (acquainted)
Lucifer Morningstar (acquaintance)
Miscellaneous
Voice actor
Stephanie Beatriz[5]
Monica Franco (pilot)
French Cast

Audrey Sourdive
Lucy Studer (pilot)
First appearance
Hazbin Hotel
Hazbin Hotel pilot
Latest appearance
Hazbin Hotel
"The Show Must Go On"
Vaggie is an angel and former Exorcist. She is the deuteragonist of Hazbin Hotel and serves as the manager of the Hazbin Hotel.

Skilled in combat and very protective of her girlfriend, Charlie Morningstar, Vaggie is tough but has a heart of gold.[5]


Contents
1	Appearance
1.1	Pilot
2	Personality
3	Abilities
3.1	Skillset
3.2	Weaponry
4	Gallery
5	Concept & Creation
6	Trivia
6.1	Development
7	References
Appearance
Vaggie is a slim-figured angel who subtly sports a moth-themed design[6] with grayish-lavender skin. She has knee-length grayish-white hair with faded-purple tips and long jagged bangs which cover the left side of her face. On the back of her head, she accessorizes with a red hairbow with small tears on each side and two long tails.

Her right eye has a light pink sclera and an ivory iris, while her left eye has been replaced by a slate-gray eyepatch that sports a red-pink "X" shape, which glows when she is angry or irritated. Her mouth has small fangs and black lips.

Vaggie wears a blouse that is the same color as her bow and the "X" shape on her eyepatch, with a dark gray peter-pan collar, dark gray trimming on the sleeves, and two dark gray buttons down the front. She also sports a choker and a miniskirt with a thick pale pink waistband hugging her waist, both colored in the same dark gray.

Vaggie's accessories include a set of fingerless slate-gray opera gloves with matching thigh-high stockings, which include white scallops at the cuff and toes.

Back when she was an Exorcist, Vaggie's hair was kept in a bob, and she had both of her eyes as well as a pair of large feathered-wings on her back, and a halo hovering above her head. Her left eye, halo and wings were then ripped out by Lute. After training with Carmilla Carmine, Vaggie regrew her wings which sported a gradient of gray-colors, in contrast to her previous wings which sported a black-to-white color scheme.

Pilot
In her pilot design, Vaggie's hair was the same color, but the stripes at the end were instead light pink. Her bow was colored in a pale shade of reddish-pink, and its appearance was softer and untorn. She also sported gray eyeshadow.

She wore what appears to be a light gray one-shouldered bra under a white minidress with loose straps, two light gray crosses on her chest, and a scalloped-trim at the bottom. In addition, she also wore a light gray belt around her waist.

Her choker and arm-length gloves were the same light slate-gray color; her right glove covered her entire hand while her left was fingerless. She also wore thigh-high stockings that were scalloped white at the cuff; her right was a full light gray while her left was striped in light pink and light gray.

Personality
Vaggie is a pragmatic and cautious angel who devotes a great deal of her time attempting to support Charlie with her vision for the hotel, as well as guiding her away from as much trouble or humiliation as possible.

She is tough, but she has a heart of gold.[5] Loyal and kind to those she cares for, but short on patience and trust, Vaggie tends to be very reactive, often taking an immediate defensive stance (with an offense at the ready) when it comes to dealing with potential threats towards either herself or Charlie.

While it remains unclear whether Vaggie fully buys into Charlie's concept for redemption, she passionately defends it from more skeptical sinners and fully supports her idea, trying to do everything she can to help Charlie. Vaggie appears to be fairly prudent in business, trying her hardest to fill her designated role as the hotel's manager, even with an initial lack of resources, a very run-down property, and a lack of qualified staff.

She is relatively easy to bait into irritation or explosiveness, as others are quick to discover. Angel Dust perceives Vaggie to have a distrust towards men in particular. Husk believes Vaggie acts mean to everyone else around her because deep down she loathes herself and that act is a way to protect herself.

Back when she was an Exorcist, she was a ruthless killing machine, having slaughtered thousands of Sinners during many Exterminations. However, she had a change of heart when she encountered a defenseless Sinner child in an alley. Unable to bring herself to kill them, she let them go. Lute watched in disgust and declared her "sinful filth", gouging out her left eye and tearing off her wings as punishment, leaving her mutilated and abandoned. Shortly after, she met Charlie, who gave her first aid. The two eventually fell in love, and Vaggie became loyal and protective of her. This may have also helped Vaggie abandon most of her ruthless ways and change for the better.

Despite abandoning her Exorcist past and beliefs, she kept her spear for protection and is still wary of Sinners who could potentially be a threat to her and Charlie.

Abilities
Flight - When she was an Exorcist angel, she had wings until she was stripped of them by Lute, along with her status. She later regains them in "Hello Rosie!" after training with Carmilla Carmine.
Skillset
Hand-to-hand combat - Vaggie demonstrates a considerable physical strength that belies her slight frame. She was able to swiftly punch a male demon off his chair in one bare-knuckle hit, as well as pick up and toss both Sir Pentious and Angel Dust off a rooftop.
Weapon proficiency - Vaggie is proficient in handling weapons, seeming to favor blades. According to Adam, Vaggie was one of his top Exorcist fighters, claiming that her skills in weaponry allowed her to kill thousands of Sinners. Although she has yet to actually make use of her larger weapons, she does not lack confidence when it comes to brandishing them for self-defense, and she was able to throw a dagger into the electric window switch of a car with pin-point precision. As noted by Carmilla, Vaggie's fighting style initially resembled that of the other Exorcists, sloppy, vicious, and straightforward, focusing everything on offense. She eventually began to overcome these flaws as she sparred with her.
Bilingualism - Vaggie can fluently speak Spanish[7] as well as English.
Intellect - Vaggie appears to have quite a comprehensive knowledge regarding the hierarchies and folklore of hell, particularly those pertaining to her area of residence, the Pride Ring, and the machinations of the power-jostling sinners located there. She understands the looming dangers of the Overlords and their politics, as well as the tale of how Alastor became the first mortal soul to harness enough power to "begin to topple overlords who had been dominant for centuries".
Weaponry
Vaggie points her angelic spear at Carmilla
Vaggie's angelic spear

Throwing daggers - Vaggie has throwing daggers in her possession, although whether she has the power to summon them or just keeps them on her is unclear.
Angelic spear - Vaggie possesses a spear for self-defense and is seen carrying it around with her. She had this spear since her days as an Exorcist.