Rusty Rose is essentially a fragment of the original Amy Rose, albeit with some notable differences. She is a pink-furred anthropomorphic hedgehog with peach skin, which is slightly grayed compared to the original Amy's, covering her muzzle and inner ears. She has a small black nose, triangular ears on top of her head, and no back spines. Her entire body except for her head is robotic, making her a cyborg. Due to this, much of her body is dark gray in color, which is partially painted red but by the time of her introduction is heavily wearing. She contains a pink Flicky within her chest cavity, which is used to power her. Rusty's cyborg body is poorly maintained and visibly rusted, hence the "Rusty" part of her name. As a result of her cybernetic body, Rusty is taller than Amy Rose.

Rusty looks almost exactly like Amy Rose, with the primary difference being that she has had all of her body and part of her face replaced with robot parts. She has a pink head with long quill-like appendages, a group of spiky protuberances on her forehead, and a metallic structure covering one of her eyes. The rest of her body is metallic, with select portions of it painted red.

Her robotic eye also appears to change color depending on who she sides with. While she was still loyal to the Chaos Council, the pupil was red. When she begins helping Sonic and Dread's crew, however, it turns pink. It also turns yellow when she is under the command of Nine.

Rusty Rose's head, which remains the only organic part of her, has her five short downward-pointed quills mechanized and the four-spiked bangs on Rusty Rose's forehead have been replaced by a saw blade. Her left eye remains for the most part normal, but has a cybernetic, dark green pupil instead of black and one medium-length eyelash as opposed to two. Her right eye, by contrast, is fully mechanical, having a black sclera with a glowing iris, and a mechanical layer resembling an air vent's cover with an eyelash-like end placed in front of it. The iris of her right eye can change color depending on her current allegiance; red when controlled by the Chaos Council, yellow when under Nine's control, and deep pink when she switched sides.

For attire, Rusty Rose wears slightly worn-out red and white mechanical armor, with additional silver-and-red armor on her legs. The parts making up Rusty's arms are asymmetrical, being made of visibly different parts, and there is additional reinforced armor only on her left foot. Nothing is known of Rusty Rose’s life before the Chaos Council's arrival. At some point, the Chaos Council turned her into a cyborg and brainwashed her into obeying them, making her their top enforcer. They also trapped Birdie in her chest to seemingly serve as her power source.


Rusty possesses Amy's common sense, desire for efficiency, and fighting ability, but was stripped of her natural compassion for others, nor did she have Amy's playful nature. She was initially shown to be cold, efficient, and aloof, and possessed a loyalty for no one but the Chaos Council.

Under their control, she showed little to no mercy toward others, as shown when she readily subjected Sonic toward incredibly strenuous trials and was prepared to execute him in spite of his pleas, or when she coldly showed the tortured Flicky that fueled her body, for seemingly no reason. She continued to display this in combat, where she engaged in battles with either rebels, or when she was turned against the Eggforcers, with a cold expression on her face, and little to no words spoken.

She has also shown willing to call out others when they're wrong, as demonstrated when she called Sonic's bluff when he attempted to feign ignorance to Mr. Dr. Eggman's questions regarding the other Prism Shards, by displaying the footage of Sonic talking to Knucks, or when she freely corrected Sonic about her real name on multiple occasions.

Whenever she is tasked with a mission, she would execute it as efficiently as possible. She would not waste time when engaged, as shown when she freely retreated from the battle against the Rebels, when told by the Council that they had captured Nine. Even when she hesitated after seeing Black Rose, she merely stated that they did not have to "waste time" with them, and instead focused on securing the Devil's Lighthouse. This can be dialed up at points, as well, when she continued to order more Eggforcers to stop Dread from taking the Prism Shard for himself, as the battle heated up.

Despite her cold nature, Rusty has been shown to possess emotions which she kept for the most part suppressed. She is capable of shock and confusion, as shown after she saw Black Rose for the first time and again after she was defeated and taken captive by the pirate crew. She can also demonstrate irritation and frustration at times, as shown by the continuous acts and quips of Sonic, such as the instance where she growled after he had destroyed a group of Eggforcers. Rusty has displayed positive emotions as well with various instances of her smiling and expressing some form of enjoyment.

After being betrayed by the Council and left at the mercy of Dread and his crew, Rusty experiences more glitches before eventually deciding to help the crew so they can fight the Chaos Council, becoming a member. After this, she forms a bond with her pirate counterpart and her blind sense of loyalty appears to diminish, even more so after Dread betrays the whole crew. No longer does she compliantly follow all orders given and now warms up to those who genuinely help her, willingly working alongside them.

Powers and abilities
Cybernetic Physiology: At an unspecified point in her life, Rusty Rose's body had been altered and a majority of it is now cybernetically enhanced which grants her a variety of abilities. She possesses increased strength, speed, durability, and stamina.
Limb Extension: Rusty also has the ability to extend her limbs and other parts of her body at will, which can enable her to move more efficiently and quickly.
Oxygen Independence: Because of her machine physiology, it appears that Rusty Rose does not require air to function and can survive in environments like underwater.
Combat Proficiency: Like Amy Rose, Rusty Rose is a skilled combatant, able to take on many enemies with ease.

Rusty was originally obedient to the Chaos Council, displaying unwavering loyalty and following orders without question. However, this would change after she was captured by the crew of the Angel's Voyage who initially tied her up and seized control her vessel, the Kraken. Rusty believed that when the Chaos Council arrived, they would rescue her but instead, they no longer saw her as useful and left her behind. Disillusioned by this, Rusty switched sides and teamed up with Sonic along with the Angel's Voyage crew. And she became a member in order to get payback against the Council.

Rusty now no longer has any loyalty for the Chaos Council and actively helps her new allies to battle them. She appears eager to fight the Council whenever the opportunity presents itself.