Alastor, also known as The Radio Demon, is a sinner demon and one of the many powerful Overlords of Hell. He is one of the main protagonists of Hazbin Hotel.

He is the wickedly charismatic demon who has offered to assist Charlie Morningstar in her endeavors, albeit, for his own amusement.

Appearance:
Alastor is a slim, dapper sinner demon with beige-colored skin, and usually has a broad smile full of sharp, yellow teeth. He is at around the same height as his rival, Vox, with the two standing at approximately 7 feet.

He sports a pinkish-red cropped, angled bob-cut with black tips at the ends and two large, black tipped tufts of hair extending from the top of his head, evoking the ears of a deer. The style has an undercut at the back, and two small black antlers protruding from the crown.

Alastor's eyes have dark-red sclera, bright-red irises and thin black pupils. His forearms and lower legs fade to dark grey, and he has red hoofed toes and red fingers.[

Alastor wears a red pinstripe coat with dark-red lapels piped with white, which is ragged along the bottom hem. Underneath this he wears a bright red dress-shirt with a black cross on the chest, and long black dress pants with matching bright red cuffs. He also wears a dark-red oval-shaped monocle, rimmed with black, over his right eye.

He accessorizes with a black knotted bowtie with a bright red center, black gloves with red at the fingertips, and black pointed-toe boots with red deer hoofprints emblazoned on the soles. Alastor also carries a thin cane with a sentient vintage style microphone attached to it, which he uses to play sound effects and broadcast his voice.

Full Demon
When in his full demon form, Alastor's body grows larger and limbs become longer, his neck gains extra joints, and his horns grow in size. In one scene in "Dad Beat Dad", Alastor has two sets of horns on his head. His sclera turn black while his pupils turn into the shape of radio dials. His suit and ends of his mouth also gain stitches along them, and the ends of his shoes split to form hoofed toes.

Personality
Alastor stands out from many of the more chaotic residents of hell for his well maintained amiable persona. He gives a first-impression of a good-natured and charming man, wearing a permanently wide grin on his face at all times. His behavior, mannerisms, and even his voice are similar to an old-fashioned radio announcer and speaks with a transatlantic accent, often using quaint anachronisms such as "the picture show" and refers to Charlie as a "charming demon belle".

This playful dandyish exterior, however, obscures a much darker side to him - one with high levels of self-importance - and he will not hesitate to use physical violence when others don't act in line with his very particular values or expectations. He is noted to be narcissistic, with his love for himself being stated that no one else can measure up to it, and he does not see many people quite up to his level.

Alastor is described as a man of duality. He values good manners, affability and intelligence very highly in others, and will actively look down on those who do not meet his standards, however he will often play fast and loose with these arbitrary rules in regards to himself and his own conduct.

Alastor has an odd sense of morality, which is described as "not normal", and has been noted to be quite sadistic, even cannibalistic, devouring lesser demons or those that have incurred his anger. Despite this, he keeps close friends with the other cannibals of Hell, including the denizens at the Cannibal Town.

His smiling is a very self enforced form of ego and a show of power and dominance; he looks down on anyone who lets their true emotions show, and even when faced with a rival in strength, if they let slip a frown, Alastor will see them as truly weak. His smile is also to be more unpredictable and unnerving, and gives him a feeling of complete control over himself.

While Alastor is powerful, he is aware that there are other demons and entities that rival him in terms of power, such as other Overlords. For this reason, he is wary around such demons, as they could potentially harm him if he is not careful.

Despite everything, Alastor does genuinely seem to want to help Charlie run the Hazbin Hotel, albeit for his own amusement, and hopes for its failure over siding with her idealism. Alastor also dismisses the idea that redemption is possible as laughable, nevertheless, he fulfills his role as patron as promised, providing the hotel with staff, and protecting Charlie and her business from outside threats. He views the whole endeavor as a fun distraction from his decades of boredom.

Despite consistently having a confident and cheerful demeanor, he harbors a vulnerable side that becomes apparent when confronted with reminders of being "chained". In this instance, his facade of certainty crumbles, and he succumbs to panic attack.

According to Mimzy, when Alastor was alive he would become a "kitten" if he drank enough rye whiskey while jazz music was on.

Abilities
Immortality - As a Sinner, Alastor is biologically immortal, being unable to die from illnesses and unable to age, remaining the same age as when he died, thus can not die of old age and other natural causes. He also cannot die from any kind of damage to the body, and will recover from any injury, however, he can only be permanently killed with angelic weaponry.

Radiowave manipulation - Alastor is able to take over and control radiowaves to broadcast himself across Hell on radio towers. He is able to manipulate and generate radio waves and frequencies.

Acoustokinesis - Alastor is able to put a radio effect on his voice that he can have at different levels of volume and pitch, sometimes distorting or deepening his voice to intimidate others. He can also project various types of radio sound effects onto his cane, such as laughter, booing, or the sounds of his victims screaming, and can have his cane speak as well. 

Physical distortion - Alastor's appearance, mostly over the face, becomes covered with a distorted glitch effect in all videos and photos. He is also able to cause glitches in reality.

Demon transformation - Alastor has demonstrated the ability to turn into a much larger and more powerful Demon form.

Flexibility - Alastor can contort his body into numerous unnatural poses.

Conjuration - Alastor can summon and transport other beings and areas to his location, as shown when he pulls Niffty out of a fireplace, as well as Husk, and a portion of the bar he was in, into the Hotel foyer. He can manifest objects such as the bottle of cheap alcohol that he bribed Husk with in the pilot, and can summon his cane when he wants it.

Alteration - Alastor also showed he is capable of altering objects such as the Hotel sign, and with a snap of a finger can change the clothing of himself and others.

Demonic magic - Alastor can cast magic thanks to the high power-level he has accrued in the demon ranking system. In the pilot, this takes the visual form of glowing red symbols that resemble Voodoo veve, which float around him. Alastor is also shown using a type of blood magic, clenching his fist until droplets of blood can be seen falling from it, as a means to defeat Sir Pentious.

Tentacle creation - As seen in "Dad Beat Dad", Alastor can produce black tentacles from his back and can create tentacles from outside his body. In the pilot he is shown summoning tentacles through a portal to defeat Sir Pentious and destroy his blimp.

Umbrakinesis - Alastor is able to summon and manipulate shadows into doing his bidding. He can also hide in shadows as seen when he hid while Charlie forgave Pentious.

Shadow warping - Alastor is able to get around with the help of his shadow. This was first shown when he teleports behind Charlie and Vaggie after entering the hotel for the first time.

Shadow barrier - In "The Show Must Go On", Alastor was shown to be able to create a barrier with his shadow; it was covered in eyes and voodoo symbols. He is also able to produce tentacles from it.

Pyrokinesis - Alastor summons a ball of fire to distract Charlie as he shoves Vaggie away before starting his reprise.

Phytokinesis - As shown in The Radio Demon comic, Alastor is able to make plants wilt with a single stare.

Photokinesis - During his introduction, he is shown to be able to project red glowing light from his eyes as well as his microphone.

Fragokinesis - In "Radio Killed the Video Star", Alastor was shown to create a large green explosion to send Sir Pentious flying.

Deal-making - Alastor is shown to be a deal-maker demon in the pilot, offering Charlie a deal in return for his help with the Hotel, something she wisely turns down. Deal-maker demons like Alastor can increase their power by dealing in souls, which is a very powerful commodity in hell, so they're seen as very manipulative and not to be toyed with. Deal-making is not something every demon can do, as such it is not to be taken lightly as it doesn't generally work out well for the other party.

Soul manipulation - Alastor is shown to have full control over the souls he owns, allowing him to command them however he pleases. He can also manifest chains on those he owns such as Husk in "Dad Beat Dad", and can tear their souls apart, which he broadcasts the screams to Hell.

Broadcasting - While living, Alastor's profession was as a radio show host, and he continues his broadcasts in Hell, ensuring that Hell's denizens are aware of his activities over the airwaves, earning him the title of "The Radio Demon".

Bilingualism - Alastor can speak English fluently as well as some broken Creole French.

Cooking - Alastor is noted to be "a big foodie" and mentions having admired his mother's cooking in the pilot, specifically her Jambalaya.

Musical, dancing, and theatrical talent - Alastor is shown to display moderate vocal abilities and excels at dancing, with Vivziepop noting tap to be a style he excels in specifically. He also shows a flair for theatrical showmanship.

Wide intellect- Alastor is shown to be quite a cunning individual, resulting in him accruing a large amount of power through his tricks and deal-making.