Name: Gin
Age: 19 (20 in Gingerbread man years)
Race/Species: Gingerbread man
Egg type: Mammal
Accent: Terrarian-German
Language: Terrarian-English
Height: 1,1 Meters
Weight: 35 kg
Gender: Female
Hair: orange-red
Hair style: to the neck.
Eyes: orange-red Sclera, red pupils.
Skin: orange-red
Attire: Red bow tie on her forehead, Green bow tie on her neck, a small green dress that has a boob window and reveals her thighs (called zuckerfee), green can like boots made for gingerbread man’s. 
Sugar icing: white, wave styled.
Body: Young appearance, B cup breasts, sugar icing stripes on legs and wrists, Feet are circular shaped, hands and wrists are circular shaped, skin has almost the same texture as that of an cookie, heart shaped pubic pseudo hair that is red.
Personality: Polite, friendly, simple minded and isn’t good at thinking.
———

Background:
Born and raised by other gingerbread man’s, Gin always lived in Snowdin, that was until an infection caused her to get separated and land in santas army. There she quickly gained popularity for her weird way of fighting, seemingly ramming the enemy’s. Finally she hit adult age and left santas army. She build a small cabin in the underground of snowdin called 'The Ice', where she lives to this day.

Gingerbread man: 
Lebkuchen mann or Gingerbread man are a species that resemble a Gingerbread man, even tho the word 'man' is mentioned, gingerbread man can also be female which is common. Gingerbread man stop aging physically at the age of 6, making them look very young. The only way so see how old a gingerbread man is is via their sugar icing that gets harder and harder the more they age. Gingerbread man's can’t break like a cookie tho, they are just as a living being as every other monster in terraria.

The World of 'Plsnobadvspawn':
The World! No pun intended, is a very big place, with a jungle named 'ivanakum', Hell, a snow biom called 'Snowdin', a plains biom called 'hamalot', a desert called 'Gryaznaya pustynya', a big ocean, a Contained Crimson biom called 'Schwanzverlängerung' and a Hallow biom called 'FehrnSchreizwei'. Any thing happens here but one thing is important, in the end It is all on the Continent called 'Terraria' which is in the middle of the ocean.