Name:Hilda
Sex:Female
Race:Human
Weapon:The Terminator
Job:Mechanic
Birthday:April 11
Birthplace:Unknown 
Relatives:Granny Eileen (foster mother)
Residence: Banges Port
Game Origin:Tower of Fantasy
Personality:Carefree,Energetic,Protective of her Hometown,Helpful,Brave 
Background:She was Raised by her Granny Eileen who is not her Real Mother but her Foster Mother she doesn't know her Real Parents The "superstar" of Banges Port, Hilda is no stranger to the people in town.
She has a deep love for her hometown and will go to any lengths to protect it.
Hilda has no established career and prefers roaming around the port doing this and that for the stores in exchange for pocket money; once in a while, she takes on more dangerous assignments, like patrol or guard duty. Whenever she feels tired, she takes off a day or two to eat and store to her heart's content. You won't find anyone in Banges that doesn't know Hilda, whose name comes up in just about all kinds of conversation when the residents talk about their lives. She is always involved, and is always the most enthusiastic one in everything she does.
Young children see her as an older sister, and people her age marvel at her seemingly endless energy as she roams all over Banges. The older generation treats her like their daughter or granddaughter. In short, she is family.If you come to Banges and she doesn't greet you, or if you don't see her mingling, worry not. She is only sleeping, and will join you in no time! To merchants, Hilda is someone they both love and hate. She never hesitates when she buys, but she can also haggle like no other.
Many years ago, Banges had a haggling contest to stimulate the economy, and it was something that no merchant wants to remember. Hilda came to see what was going on, and was somehow encouraged to join. At the age of 8, she became the unexpected winner of the contest. It was an important milestone for her, because she had never haggled before that. And because of her, it was the last time the contest was held.
When Hilda goes to a store, the owner puts up their best defense to stop Hilda's onslaught, but it always ends with Hilda winning.
The merchants call her the "Terminator," because their interactions always end on her terms. She quite likes the name, and even uses it on her precious weapon... If you ask the kids in Banges about Hilda, they will most likely tell you that she's enthusiastic, cheerful, and dashing. If you ask them what they want to do with Hilda, they'll definitely say that they want to go riding with her.
Who doesn't want to sit in the back of Hilda's motorcycle? With hair behind her ears and a pair of earphones, she's ready to go. Step on the gas, and let the wind take over. Just enjoy the speed. With a starting point and a goal, there is no getting lost. Everything is clear. Just ride!
The kids always ask for one more lap after they get off. Hilda pats their head, teaches them some safety rules, and tells them that they can only ride like her once they are fully prepared and have enough experience. They probably don't really understand too much, but since they adore her, at least they will listen to her... As a matter of fact, Hilda is not from Banges.
Maybe she forgot where she came from, and Granny Eileen forgot about the details of adopting Hilda. It's almost as if she appeared overnight and suddenly became friends with all her peers.
When Hilda talks about Banges, the usually cheerful girl turns serious. To her, Banges is the most important aspect of her life. It was where she grew up, and where she promised to protect. When those around her age all left Banges to look for something better, she stayed and did everything she could to help out this little port town.
Maybe that's what's so special about her. She might be jealous of other people's interesting lives that are full of highs and lows, but she remains steadfast about staying here, and is taking the actions to fulfill her resolution. 
Appearance:She has Middle long pink-haired she has it bound to a Ponytail she is a girl with red eyes. She wears large headphones that cover her ears and a black metallic hairband near the back of her head. Her attire consists of a short black shirt that exposes her stomach and shoulders, covered by a gray apron, rolled up gray jeans that fades away to a faint purple, and black boots. Two rabbit-like accessories, one being a pin and one being a doll, are attached to her torso.
Her apron is occasionally depicted as being stained with pink paint, while her in-game appearance shows her having no stains on her apron