Purple has a very conflicted personality due to his strained relationship with his father, Dark Blue, and his desire to earn his attention after being abandoned by him and losing his mother, Pink. This has led to him betraying the trust of those around him and using them for his own ends, such as when he crowned Blue and Green as fellow kings and convinced them to journey with him to The End in order to claim the Ender Dragon's egg, showing that he is willing to manipulate others and even go as far as to leave them for death, as when he chose to claim the egg over saving the two stick figures as they were seconds from falling into the void, just to impress his father.

Despite this, he has proven that he can willing to give up on certain things when he realizes how the consequences of his actions hurt those around him like when he surrendered the dragon egg to the Ender Dragon to stop its destructive rampage on the village. However, this doesn't stop him from trying to take vengeance on The Second Coming and the Fighting Stick Figures in Animation vs. League of Legends for his previous failure - going as far as to hack the game's source files to gain the upper hand against the quintet and defeat them by any means necessary.

Underneath his supposed greedy and selfish character is a sad, pained person who lacks familial or friendly bonds with anyone, leaving him to sulk in his defeat against the stick figures again in sorrow. However, The Second Coming offers to have him play on their team with him switching spots with Purple to help him feel better; supposedly sparking the beginning of a friendship.

Despite the gang trying to help Purple, he still prioritized gaining his father's approval above all else and when he notices King Orange searching for the five stick figures, Purple immediately approaches him due to him seeing King Orange as similar to his father due to the former having lost his son and wishes to help him, going as far as to once again use the trust of his "friends" to trick them and steal their Minecraft Game Icon. This subconscious need leads to him becoming loyal to King Orange despite initially betraying Purple after getting the block and wanting nothing to do with him, showing how desperate Purple is to fill the hole in his heart that Dark Blue left.

After realizing that King Orange won't help him anymore, Purple flees and finds himself full of negative emotions. Being chased by Green into another Minecraft world, the Note Block Universe, he finds himself pursued by the stick figure who questions Purple on his reasoning for constantly betraying them and whether or not he is truly good or bad. When reflecting of Green's words, Purple ultimately feels the weight of all his sadness and anger overcome him from all the pain he has wrought on others and experience for himself which drives him into despair. He tells Green his story, revealing his true motivation for everything he did to them, and then drops to his knees in tears, his heart shattered into a million pieces.

However, Green encourages him that he can still be happy and puts all the bad blood behind them, surprising Purple that he would be so easily accepted and forgiven, allowing him to finally let his grief out before realizing that he has found friends with Green and the others, reigniting the inner good inside of him left behind by his mother. He promises to be better and chooses to help the others fight against King Orange, ultimately showing self-sacrifice and bravery in the face of adversity when King Orange uses the block against him, still trying to reach King Orange despite having absolutely no chance of succeeding.

Ultimately, King Orange realizes that he and Purple are very similar and that they both lost part of themselves with the loss of Purple's father and King Orange's son, leading them both down a path of grief-driven hatred. When the two meet again inside of the vortex, they are able to reconcile and abandon all of their negative thoughts and feelings for good as the two go on to try and live again without tragedy weighing them down.

As of now, Purple is living with King Orange as his adopted son and is shown to be a close friend to the Gang, having visited them on one occasion and even getting an invitation for the Heroic Pig's wedding, which he attended.

Personality Traits
Loyalty: Even before his redemption, Purple is shown to be extremely loyal, though that may have been more to find a father figure than anything. Regardless, he has been seen following King Orange's every command. Even after getting betrayed, he chose to fight against the Stick Gang and did so until King left him for dead. This part of Purple survived his redemption, as he fought with the gang against King, even rescuing them on occasion and playing a crucial role in their fight.
Bravery: Purple's most famous and iconic moment of bravery came during his last stand, when he withstood a blast from King's staff and continued trudging through it for a solid 45 seconds, despite knowing he probably had no chance against it.
Intelligence: While not on the same level as characters like Yellow, The Second Coming, or King, Purple has a fair level of intelligence, most notably when, after seeing how good Green was at avoiding getting caked, he relatively quickly came up with an elaborate plan to get Green caked, which Red executed to perfection. He also has a lot of computer knowledge, shown when he was able to create several clones of himself capable of overwhelming the Stick Gang in Animation vs. League of Legends.
Friendliness: After getting redeemed by Green, Purple has shown to be a close friend to the gang. He got invited for and attended the Heroic Pig's wedding and was willing to listen to Red and help him come up with a plan to cake Green. He and King Orange also allowed The Second Coming to draw faces for them.