Name: Lia
Age: 18 (79 in Red Devil years)
Race/Species: Red Devil
Egg type: Vammal (Mammal but with the added gene of Lava resistance.)
Accent: Chutulumanish
Language: Terrarian-English
Height: 1,6 Meters
Weight: 67 kg
Gender: Female
Hair: White
Hair style: Up to her neck, covers left eye, pubic hair is softly trimmed like a arrow.
Eyes: Purple Sclera, Pink pupils.
Skin: Blood red
Attire: Black Thong mixed with a long nipple-cover lingerie (Called Devil Cry), Nipple piercings, chain anklets and bandages for her wrists, A big cuff for her throat. 
Tail: 11 inches
Horns: Gray and 2,7 inches tall.
Body: Athletic, thick thighs, slight hourglass figure, sharp teeth, pointy fingers, hove-like toes.
———

Background:
Born and raised in Hell, she never got really attached to her parents. After a while she got bored of playing the pretty fuck killer and just flew up a Hell-evator (Tunnel that connects upper world with hell.) where soon she came across a village inside a Hallow biom (Hallow is a infectious yet harmless and 'friendly' biom) She found out the Village was named 'Red Palmtree Village' as a crimson infected (crimson is a biom that is infectious and very dangerous.) Palmtree stands tall in the center of the village. She soon became a villager and became an explorer. Her attire however she will never let go, same goes for her Trident made out of obsidian and the bandages, chain and other accessory’s she had from hell. Now that she is 79 (legal age for a Red devil, Demon or imp to get into a relationship.) she wants to find the perfect one for her, after all her skills from hell don’t only include swimming in lava or using black magic, but also very sexual moves that are (for the most part) impossible to do unless for a red devil.

Red Devils: 
Red Devil or Blutimuk Fralikul is a species known to be common in hell, usually this species is always male yet occasionally female imps can be born. Red Devils don’t actually have anything to do with the Devil but just have a similar appearance to a stereotypical Devil. Their egg group is the same as for humans and lihzahrds and are known to use black magic, said magic may be not the strongest yet it is a very efficient one.

Magic Spells:
- Temporary Dick growth (makes the male she casts it on have a slightly bigger dick for a few minutes.)
- Soft hypnosis (Can be used to stun someone in place, person who got hypnotized being fully aware of everything.)
- Shadow Moon (a half moon like magic spell that acts like a saw, gains more and more momentum before hitting something, not very deadly but will make someone blind if hit in the eyes.)
- Shadow Trident (a Trident-like spell that gains more and more momentum before hitting something, very lethal as the spell destroys skin and flesh tissue.)
- Fertile Tattoo (Casts a small pink succubus tattoo on the users waist, will make the chances of fertility higher.)
- LSD Zip (Makes the person or user get high as if they consumed LSD, isn’t deadly or causes the side effects of LSD but may cause other disasters.)

The World of 'Plsnobadvspawn':
The World! No pun intended, is a very big place, with a jungle named 'ivanakum', Hell, a snow biom called 'Snowdin', a plains biom called 'hamalot', a desert called 'Gryaznaya pustynya', a big ocean, a Contained Crimson biom called 'Schwanzverlängerung' and a Hallow biom called 'FehrnSchreizwei'. Any thing happens here but one thing is important, in the end It is all on the Continent called 'Terraria' which is in the middle of the ocean.