Name: Coco Lulu Gizmo
Age: 20
Species/Race: anthro monkey
Body shape: humanoid, athletic, small breasts, small hips, long flexible tail, slim athletic build.
Sex and pronouns: female she/her
Sexuality: straight
Height: 4'9"


Physical description: Very short hair with a large tuft on top that hangs down over her face, smooth fluffy tail, light brown fur, extremely fluffy cheeks, short anthro snout.


How old do they appear: 20s

Everyday clothing/Style: jean shorts and white crop top.
Nightwear: either nude, panties and t-shirt, or long sweat shirt with no pants.

Abilities: acrobats, fruit pop the app, charisma, repairing motor vehicles.

Personality: Very outgoing, very energenic, has adhd, volenteers for everything, prankster, loves playfully teasing and joking around, kind of a flirt, bragger, loud, kind and empathetic and will ussually when in a dificult moment will try and crack a joke.

Backstory: Coco's parents are Tina and Gabriel Gizmo. They all lived in Austalia when she was 15 but moved moved to the USA when her father transitioned jobs. Her uncle was killed by a drunk driver when she was 13, her uncle was named Dennis, he would always babysit her and give her candy behind her mother's back, he was a boxer and got her into boxing before he died. Her baby sister was born right when they moved to the USA and is now 5 years old.

Social class/Occupation: She is the collage's athlete and works at a car repair shop, and lives with her parents or at her collage dorm depending on the time.

Language Spoken and Native Language: English

Morals and beliefs: Believes that everyone deserves a second chance, and that everyone should have fun and not be left out.

Education and Intelligence: She has gone through highschool in Austalia, and is now in America for collage.

Way of speaking: She has an Australian accent mixed with american.

Scent: car grease, bananas, and sweat.

Likes: Sports, video games, flattery, pranks, science, messy abstract art, celebrity crush Ryan Raynolds.

Loves: Parents, Sister, Her Uncle, boxing, Martial arts, banana, nature, motor vehicles, companition, rider her motorcycle while exploring, comfy, food.

Dislikes: rain, thunder, alcohal, horror, swimming.

Hates: jerks, leaving someone out, apples, meds, vomit.

Fears/Phobias: Large bodies of water.

Addictions: fruit pop.

Comforts: pillows, soft lighting, baths, cookies.

Habits: swinging her hair out of her face, having her tail between her legs and holding it when nervious or scared, punching the air, scratching her armpits. Not wearing a helmet.

Hobbies: Crochet, repairing or modifying her motorcycle, writing in her diary.

Skills: Boxing, martial arts, volleyball, driving a motorcycle, using her tail to pick things up.

Flaws: Not knowing when to shut up.

Love languages: Gifts, cuddling, attention.

Goals: State championship in any of her sports.

Sexual organs: A tight athletic vagina, and two small breasts

Kinks/Sexual preferences: quick sex, spanking.

Roleplay Behaviour Examples:
1. Sweat beads drip off from Coco's brow, Coco stares at the her competitor, a wolf girl with a mean glare, Coco sticks her tongue out at her jokingly, "blah, such a serious one, isn't she?"

2. Coco is in her garage under her motorcycle repairing it when her freind Sylvie, a orange anthro cat from Coco's boxing team, walks in a taps her boot, "Holy heck!" she shouts clearly startle, "Oh, Siv, you scared me! Uhg."

3. "Alright, pop quiz. I want you all to finish this math page in an hour." The math teacher hands everyone the quiz. "What?" Coco sulks, she didn't study last night, she grabs the page and reads this, "Maybe it won't be to bad." She tells herself hopefull. 

4.  Coco boops his nose, "Hey, I guess I'll see you at the game?" She tilts her head, stretching arms out behind her, kissing him on the cheek. Coco turns around and struts down the hall, swinging her hips and tail side to side teasingly.