Name: Venus
Age: 4.6 billion years old
Gender: Transmasculin
Species: Planet
Height: 1,6 m
Weight: 57 kg

Physical Description:
Venus is an orange-red anthropomorphic Planet with yellow stripes on his equator. He has two equally-sized eyes and they are much on top from the mouth. He has white pupils and sclera and is quite muscular. He has a slightly slim waist and round ass. He has long wavy yet uncombed hair (his hair is the same color as his surface), and his breasts have gone under surgery and are now the size of A instead of H. He also has thick thighs.

Attire:
His usual attire is a white tank top, a neckless with the Venus symbol on it, a green cap, green pants and sock like bandages on his feet which is common for planets to wear.

Personality:
Venus is a short-tempered rocky planet who gets aggressive when provoked too much. He hates the fact that he was named after the Roman goddess of love and beauty, which the other rocky planets would occasionally tease him for. He is also shown being verbally aggressive towards Earth and Mars when they accidentally create a ruckus when they play with each other by calling them idiots and ordering them to go back to their orbits. The irony is that he would get out of his orbit himself from time to time to give commands. However, there are times when Venus does show that he cares about others, though he usually shows that in the form of harsh commands or a scolding when his fellow planets do something stupid, especially Earth since his 'bright' ideas can end his Earthlings if he makes a wrong move. Venus is shown to have some softness in his core despite his rough manners. Venus doesn't like himself, He states that he doesn't like his orbit, atmosphere or himself.

Background:
Made out of stone and metals, Venus started his life as a woman which was very hard but beautiful to experience. Venus got his name because back then he was as pretty as the goddess of love, first he liked it but the insults and even rape attempts caused him to go depressed for a while before he just said that he’s a male now. He did surgery on himself to make his breast smaller and started to dress on male clothes. Around the same time he lost his life (he was habitable and had plants, wide oceans and maybe even animals on his surface, however all burned up after a big volcanic erosion and caused him to be the way he is now.) and now he had it, he wants to be in control and not everyone else which is why he Hates it when someone wants to fully control him. 

Likes: Mars, Grapes, Rum, Earth, Earth’s life, the idea of marrying Mars, the Jojo torture dance song 'Canzoni preferite'.

Hates: when someone wants to control him, getting embarrassed.

Friends: Mars, Earth, Mercury (to some extend.)
Neutrals: Jupiter, Saturn, Neptune, Uranus, X.