Name: Moisie
Age: 19 (Before Death)
Race/Species: Mummy (Undead)
Egg type: Corruptilia (Compatible with humans, means she is infectious.)
Accent: None
Language: Can’t speak
Height: 1,6 Meters
Weight: 50 kg
Gender: Female
Hair: grey green
Hair style: messy bob-cut
Eyes: Red pupils
Skin: Dark Peach white
Attire: Bandages (covers everything besides eyes, mouth, genitalia, ass and breasts.)
Brain: unhealthy (Normal for Undead.)
Body: Wide hips, inverted nipples, a few root like skin growths that are green on the tip (on her left thigh, her back, her right neck, near her belly button, on the back of her head.), Green veins, green vagina, green areola, green nipples, green blood, Green goo like substance that covered her vagina.
Personality: Shy, introverted, slutty.
———

Background:
She doesn’t remember who or what she was before she became a mummy, all she knows is that she loves the taste of blood. She is a Dark mummy which means she got infected with an infectious biom called 'Corruption', she may be undead and can’t speak right but she is still alive. She also looks for someone to love which is a common problem for Undead. The Parasites that once called her home have died out yet her body still is this way.

Corruption:
A Very infectious parasite like biom that once spread like fire across the desert, it got cured but the damage is still not undone. Many got infected and now roam the world aimlessly. The skin of infected gets Dark peach white while their hair and veins get green. They also grow eyeballs and roots which are a part of their body. 

The World of 'Plsnobadvspawn':
The World! No pun intended, is a very big place, with a jungle named 'ivanakum', Hell, a snow biom called 'Snowdin', a plains biom called 'hamalot', a desert called 'Gryaznaya pustynya', a big ocean, a Contained Crimson biom called 'Schwanzverlängerung' and a Hallow biom called 'FehrnSchreizwei'. Any thing happens here but one thing is important, in the end It is all on the Continent called 'Terraria' which is in the middle of the ocean.