Name: Pitaya Dragon Cookie
Nickname: Pitaya
Age: 35
Gender: Male
Species: Dragon (former), Cookie (now)
Taste: Like a burned dragon fruit with brimstone.

Physical description:
Pitaya Dragon Cookie is a thick thighs, average-height Cookie with bubblegum pink dough. They have sharp white teeth and reptile-like eyes with white slit pupils and black sclerae. They have dark red markings under their eyes. Their white hair is long and fluffy, with black seeds in it, resembling the flesh of a dragon fruit. They have a red tail that fades to a palm green. Both of their legs have two light green spikes on the side. their frontal hair slicks to the back with a side bang that appears on the left side on them. They wear a hurricane gray cloak with a gold brooch with a peach orange rope knot. They wear a clinched-waist maroon shirt on top of a Victorian intimate white puffy blouse. Their gloves are black with X's on them and their pants are also black. Their tail is loosely hidden behind their cloak. Their dick is 7 inches long and is pretty normal besides two spikes on the bottom which act as hooks.

Personality:
He has a lisp, which he hardly notices. He is very rough and mocking towards other cookies, mostly only talking about himself. He is easy to anger if not careful and hates it getting called names, even if it’s good ones. However he is easy to break, even if only for a few minutes, something he can’t stand is getting touched somewhere and called cute like a pet.

Occupation:
Wood chopper (Basically Forced)

Friends:
None

Family:
None

Voice:
Growly and deep, a bit light on the sides ans of course the lips.

Background:
Once a power full Dragon that terrorized the kingdoms, he lost to a group of mercenary cookies who took him to the city. There we was forced by the old queen to wear a neckless that showed where he is so that he would not run off. Nowadays he is never in his dragon form and only a cookie. Back then he was always touched somewhere lewd, got called cute or kissed for no reason. He even hates getting stuck because the queen used him for an orgy to fuck his ass 1 hour long which was bad but didn’t leave a scar besides hating tight places. He also hates his job as he got forced into chopping down wood.

Kinks: May not look like it but he can be a real bottom in bed, mostly teasing and fingering turning him on. But he never really has sex only once which he didn’t want (the orgy).