(uhhhhh how tf do I explain this hmm..)
Height: 5'00 tall (smol boi)
Age; 104423 (But he can do everything like a 23 yr old and he looks-.. maybe 19 ;-;)
Gender: Male (He/Him they/them)
Personality: Rudeish, an asshole actually-, can get cocky ig when he is with his crushes he acts stoopid-  and he can be murderous, chaotic, and insane, also he is aggressive. unhealthily obsessed with his husband
Hobbies: Killing, playing clash of clans, taking care of his 5 kids (Violet and Victoria the twins- Andrew, Kiera and Locust)
Sexuality: Gay and pan (kinda)
Diet: Human flesh and insides and blood 
Looks: Has wolf ears (Not a furry..) two lion tails with barbs on their tips instead and he has big crow wings, but he permanently cant fly because of huge major injuries that wont heal fully permanently and has black horns, he also has unnaturally blue eyes that his irises become darker the more he is mad- he is good with weapons and he hates loud sounds. (he has super good hearing) and he likes to challenge people alot- also he is gay. :] (also he is a cannibal) he also cries a lot when drunk unless he knows your stressed! 
Backstory: Matthew lived in an abusive household of 6, His baby sister he has forgot the name of, Gale his brother, Kattness his twin, his dad who he forgot the name of as well (I haven't planned a name for him :P) and his mother who forced Matthew to call her by her name ONLY (Name: Skyla). After watching his father murder his baby sister he got so mad he found a bear trap and hid it in his fathers bed (Him and Skyla slept in separate beds) and... You know what happened next. Then Kattness and Skyla got in such a heated fight Skyla strangled Kattness and afterwards said it was an 'accident' (His mother did suffer from severe anger issues but still in Matthews mind that wasn't an accident) Matthew ended up killing her too. and secretly used their corpses to feed him and his only remaining sibling Gale.  Shortly during winter Matthew and Gale's house burnt down and so they had to sleep outside in the snow for now on... (Or maybe not). After Christmas Matthew was kidnapped by a 'police officer' and during that he was abused, molested, malnourished and was used in slavery and illegal experimenting, this caused him to be aggressive but finally after 3 years of this he was found by police after his kidnapper died of a stroke he had been so hungry he fed off his kidnapper's corpse uncooked even if he attempted to cook it he would probably pass out due to hunger from how long it takes him.. Afterwards he was found by real police he was brought to an Orphanage where he was reunited with his brother Gale. Shortly afterwards he was adopted with his brother by two guys and a older brother but he forgot all their names.. He was neglected and tooken care of poorly there so they were sent back to being adopted by a guy named Bondrew, where he was told by one of his friends why you don't hold a girl's hand- which traumatized him and made him gay, then Bondrew leaving him and gale a day later, for Gale and Matthew to be adopted by a girl named Noi. Timeskip to when Matthew was 19 he was being bullied in college by a guy named Shawn, Who Matthew had fallen in love with so he let him bully him. a week before the prom he asked Shawn out and Shawn accepted- they go to prom together- and when Matthew finds two twins who where homeless he adopted them and named one Violet and the other Victoria, afterwards shortly adopting Andrew, Fin, Samantha, Kiera and a few others and lastly Locust. (What would be 34 kids in all... ;-;''') But since Matthew was so unstable he killed almost all of them, leaving 11 kids left, he sent 6 (or 5) to be with his Aroace friend Elijah who wanted kids always, (Btw Matthews kids look scarily alot like him), but he kept Kiera, Violet, Victoria, Andrew and Locust. Timeskip when he turned 40, they went to a Fair for his birthday but he snuck his phone on to record the ride for whatever reason-, but dropped his phone so afterwards, he climbed 6 fences with warning signs, he got to where his phone was but at the time he got there was when the next ride was where he is... he got hit by the ride and decapitated, immediantly dying. He went to hell- and later sold his soul off to a guy named Mark. Mark who was unhealthily in love with Matthew began to sexually harassed him which leaves Matthew to finally loose his marbles and  escape hell. now he is what he is today ^^