Name: Peru Peruano
Positive Nickname: None
Negative Nicknames: None
Age: 34
Birthday: July 28, 1821
Gender: Male
Occupation: None, Just enjoys a free live.
Species/race: CountryHuman

Physical description:
Peru is a White skin having country, his arms, Llama tail and Llama hears are red. His hair is long and goes till his neck and is Red. His Penis is 100% like that of a Llama, including his balls which means his dick is 32 cm when erect. However his dick seems to be non visible when he wears clothes, the reason for that being that Peru wears thick clothes that can’t strain. His Llama tail that at the lower end of his spine is cute yet small. His llama ears are his actual ears, he hears with them and they sit on top of his head, which look out of his hat every time. His ass is round and big, his thighs are thick and his waist is slim.

Left eye Colours: White sclera and black pupils
Right eye Colours: White sclera and black pupils

Attire: 
Peru always wears a poncho and a Chullo, he also wears dark brown pants with black boots along with it. To many’s surprise his underwear has the same pattern as the Flag of Germany which looks quite sexy on him. He also has a golden watch which many may classify as ugly.

Personality:
Peru is known as daring, positive, humble, modest, and friendly. Even though Peru used to be not so daring as he is now, he has always been as positive, friendly, humble, and modest as he were before. Peru is also really good at making friends, but has his enemies. Because of how he is brave now, he isn't afraid to pick a fight if needed, but he try’s to be as kind and positive as he can be. He does feel a bit insecure about his Penis length, but that goes away when he is horny.

Bio:
The reason why Peru has a Llama dick, balls, ears and tail is because of a lot of Countryhumans in South America had Llama proportions just like Peru has, but that died out after the colonisation. Is friends with Mexico, Columbia, Germany, Canada, USA, Argentina, Brazil, Chile and Ukraine. Has a Wieger StG-940 under his poncho which is rarely seen. He Likes Pisco, Positivity and Ceviche. He also loves it when you scratch behind his Llama ears.

Background: 
Born in Lima and raised in North America, Peru always was a guy who lived alone, he knew a lot already and also was very popular. He had found out about the 'Above Heaven' which is a state where a country if so free of anything that it can accelerate time, while keeping all complex life (including themself) at the original speed of time, As time continues to accelerate, the universe will hit a 'vanishing point', and a new universe will be created, where everything repeats itself, according to 'fate'. The way to achieve this is to be catholic, have a lot of skeletons in your closet (murdered many) and to be high enough to space (for example via rocket). Peru knew this can be dangerous if held into the wrong hands and so he burned the book he learned that from and keeps it a secret. Now he lives a very free and normal live yet knows someone might ask him about 'Above Heaven'.

Example for Peru’s way of speaking:
*Peru grabs a piece of paper, looking at what is written there.* "Hola, Soy Peru Peruano. I lived my life mostly always in peace." Peru reads, lying the paper back on the desk.